You're such a bull bro. Yeah, that was something I want to talk to you about. No, I don't get it. No. Well, what the. You hear. That's where you want to start this show. You just throw the way you deliver. That was crazy. Not like you, like it didn't work. You said, you know, that hair didn't work. I just want to know if it's going to work for me, bro, because I'm not going to lie. I was like putting it off for so long. I put it off for so long. Because I got offers to do that hair thing for like the last four years. Yeah, I mean, dude, the the the offer that I gave you is a good. It's a good deal. Terrible. No, bro, because I actually went to him and I asked for way more. And he said, yes, he did. Yeah. Well, I don't freaking know, dude. I mean, I mean, I got I got more than that. But I just figured maybe because no, because no, no, no, no. Hold on. I didn't get more cash. The amount of cash I got was not that much. But do you know how much I made off that referral? It's one of the biggest deals I've ever done in my life. Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars. No, I didn't know. Bro, because if you're getting that much per sign up, like I think they I think they gave me the deal, assuming that I would have like, you know, 50, 60 people sign up and it would be this like deal where they would pay me 10K and they would promote their company. But I had like 1500 signups in the first month. Yeah. Like, dude. But I got a way better deal than you, apparently. No, you don't know what my deal was. You don't know what my deal was. You can't. Will you love all my. We'll talk about it. We'll talk about it after. I'd like I'd like to know, by the way, if you got a good deal. Bravo, bro. Congrats, dude. I salute you, dude. When are you going to go? I don't know. I'm going to I'm going to tomorrow to get stem cells done on this finger first, because, yeah, I'm going. Well, my guy. What are you going to my guy? Who? Austin? Yeah. Yeah, I'm going to Austin. What do you mean you're going to Austin? Are you going to the dude that I fucking connected you to? I don't know. What do you mean? I reached out to a bunch of different people and a bunch of people connect. The main head dog, dude, Ways to Well. Yeah, that's where I'm OK. Yeah, bro. That's why I connected you. Well, like four different people did, to be fair. Four different people were like, this is the guy. I'm just saying, four different people. What's the point of me even doing anything? And no, it's like I connect to the people in Turkey. I'm like, do this deal. Then you're like your deals. I connected you to the stem cell guy. It's going to save your life. You're like, oh, man, I don't even remember if it was you or not. No, because like, dude, like four people recommended the same person. He's the best. He's the best. Yeah. Number one, wait to see his facility. Takes care of every person from Rogan to Aaron Rogers to every UFC fighter, every wrestler. He saved people's, you know, Rey Mysterio's knees like, bro, he's the actual actual goal. He's the actual goal of stem cells. Yeah, the actual goal. I'm really excited. Super excited because this is it's healing, but it's just it looks funky, man. I'm not going to lie. I got to ask you, man. What happened to your finger, dude? I don't know the story. I think I messaged Josh about it, but I I'd really like to hear it. I'm sure you've told it a thousand times by now, but I'd really like to hear what exactly happened. Yeah, but it was it was. Dude, I could show you, which is so stupid. Like I have video footage. I don't know. You saw the pictures on Twitter. No, you sent me pictures with it completely missing. Yeah. So the dumbest thing ever. I did a pod with Rampage. This is before all the his son drama stuff. We'll talk about that. And I go to I'm like, I'm going to do a live stream. I want to live stream in the desert, like in Gorman and ride dirt bikes with Rampage. So I set that whole day up. So we did a pod and we're going to go do live stream. We get done with the podcast. We go outside. We're loading up the bikes. We're like organizing the Starlink. Another buddy comes with like a big four by four, like a side by side cannon for like for videographers to get into, you know, to be able to video as we ride around, we set up the Starlink. Everything's good. We're like looking for plugs. We figured it all out. We load up all the bikes. Everything's loaded up except for my bike. It's like not and I've and I've loaded up my bike 50 times in the back of my truck. Josh goes to grab the bike, pull it up to the back of the Raptor out there, the truck, and then I go to grab the other side. He's on the other side. We go to lift it and just like instantly that my hand. I just put my hand in the bottom, like towards the, you know, towards the brake calipers and where the spokes are wrong, wrong positioning. The wheel turns and just it just. You mean the wheel turns it roll? Because we were putting it up on and it was going to roll a little bit. Yeah. So like imagine I have my finger there in the tire quickly, like shifts and turns. And so I must have had my finger just in the between the brake caliper and like one of the spokes and it just pushed it right off like instantly with with no power from the bike. It was just it was just inertia from the wheel turn us both lifting the bike and push your pinky into the brake caliper. Yeah, it kind of sharp straight out. And it was weird because the brake caliper, the whole thing was pretty soft. It wasn't it wasn't. It's not they're not blades. Yeah, they're not blades. You're right. But where my finger was, I went back and looked at it. It was like way sharper than the other one. So it was just like destined to be. Can you sue someone? No, I'll sue KT. Can you sue someone, bro? Did I wish I was I was about to. Bradley. Listen, hold on. I was about to sue the hospital because when I went to go get my finger reattached, we put it on ice and you're supposed to put on ice a certain way. Like, you're not supposed to put it in like the ice. I'm supposed to sit so it doesn't soak in the water. So to put it on top on my gauze or like in a bag. Yeah. This is tossed it into like a pond. Yeah. No. So so we put it in this thing. We brought it there and we're about to get the surgery done. Take first of all, it takes like two hours to get a hand surgeon there. But in between time, we're like my buddy, because I'm like kind of out of it. I'm like, what the fuck's going on? My buddy Josh was like, yo, is this supposed to be sitting there like that? And they like they're like, yeah, it's fine. And they just like kind of sat it there. And I think they could have reattached my pinky, but they didn't because the way that they stored it for like those two hours was wrong. Wait, wait, wait. So so what's under that gauze? Is there a no, no, no, don't I don't need to see it. Is there is there a pinky there or a half pinky or like what's going on? Under that? It's most of my pinky. It's most of my pinky. It's just like if you saw my finger right here. Yeah. The blade cut me like this way on my finger. So it cut me like I could say like this. So it cut off most of my nail and like the tip of my pinky. So it still went up. It only it only got a little bit of the bone at the tip here, but it took off like this part. What did it do to the bone? It just missed the bone. I think it just grazed the bone because I remember when I pulled my hand back after I knocked it off and I looked at it and I was like, you know, that's really bad. And I like glanced back at the bike and I was like, I could see my nail like my pinky nail. So OK, so as someone who has who has severed and scored deeply into their body and number of times, right? I've had organs removed. I've got so much hardware inside my body. I always would know that that there was a major issue if I can see that that car. This was so far beyond that. And you want to know the worst thing, the worst pain in the world after maybe dental pain is a paper cut like a severe. It sounds like you got the worst paper of all time. It sliced your finger off. It's weird. It didn't hurt as much as you thought. Like it felt like I stubbed my toe. Were you in shock? A little bit of me was, I think, when I saw my pinky like on the bike, because I was like, oh, I cut my pinky off. And so that right away was like I wasn't like stressing or crying or like scared. I was just like, what the fuck do I do? And then we just show up straight to the hospital. So were they able to reattach anything or they just know they sewed it up in a way that like most of my pinky looks like it's still there. It's just like you could tell it's it's going to be missing like this top part. I mean, what do you really truthfully use a pinky for? Is it going to is it going to what is it going to actually affect? Does it affect your support on a bar grip strength grips? Really? Right. It's one of the most important fingers. Yeah. So it will affect grip strength. Now, is that as important for like all movements that I'm doing, like bodybuilding wise? Probably not. But like the good thing is I was able to I have all joints. It's not like I cut off these two joints. I still have all the joints. It's just going to look funny. I'll still be able to probably get the strength back. And I think with the stem cells and stuff, it will gather, you know, the nervous, the nerves and everything will be a little bit better after that. Yeah. And that's my goal is just to have like a fully usable pinky. Because right now you're not I mean, right now there's still a bunch of stitches in it. Yeah. How many stitches? Dude, I don't know, like five or five to ten. OK, because he he basically like it was a giant hole he saw on Twitter. And he basically sewed it up like from from the middle here. And he like sewed it up. I mean, bro, when I what I saw on Twitter looked like the top part of your finger was missed, gone. Yeah. Like it looked like the part of your pinky was gone. Yeah, it was. There's just a hole. Yeah. That's what happened. And then he and then he sewed it like all that skin that was loose like this. He sewed it like under the nail. So there's still a little bit of the nail, but like there's this much of my nail bed still there and it's going to grow up. But I don't know how it's going to end up looking over like the, you know, the nubby part of it. Yeah, I feel like I'll be fine. Yeah, I'll be fine either way. I mean, dude, if I if I could trade my ankle, my current ankle injury for that would do it. And I would be really a heartbeat, dude. I can't take one step without feeling severe pain. But I've our end stage arthritis in my ankle. It just hurts all the time. All the time. It's like right now. It's big. It's filled with screws and plates. My only option is to either get tar, which is total ankle replacement, which only last seven years or get fusion, which is to actually fuse the leg to the foot with no ankle. They remove the ankle joint. I broke in 2008 in a botched robbery attempt. Like these kids were trying to take I was selling two grams of dope out the window of my car. And this kid was like, I'm like, do give me the money first. He's like, dude, like, what the think I want to beat you? And he started counting his money in West Haven. And and I had two of my boys with me. So I was like, dude, he's not going to he's not going to beat me. So I just handed it to him. He's like, you're beat. Do something about it and just start walking away. So we all piled out of the car. I went to crack him from the side or from the back because he was actually walking backwards. And at that moment, his homie, who I didn't see was around the side of the house, came out and tackled me. And when he tackled me, my foot was like lodged under it. I was like in a dump driveway in West Haven and my foot stayed. My body went to the side and just ripped off. Oh, it just broke both bones. The the I had a radial fracture. So it was just a disaster. And then keep in mind, too, my foot's hanging off, like upside down like this. And I'm in a fight for my life, too. They're they're they're pounding on top of me. Luckily, my homie, Kevin, came over and was able to choke one of them out. Completely unconscious. We got the drugs back. We got in the car, started driving to the hospital. I'm holding it. We're in a six speed. My buddy's driving my car. He doesn't even know that he's doing the best he can. So my ankles flip going like this all time, flying all over the place. And it's just yeah, completely limp, broken off, not compound. Like the bones, not through the skin, but it's just completely broken off. Yeah. So then we go. We're going to go to the hospital. I have to go drop. I want to drop the stuff, all of the drugs. I had like 10 grams of heroin on me. I want to go drop it off of the house. So I go put it in the top sock drawer. He goes in and puts it in the top sock drawer, comes back out, starts driving the second before we go to get on the highway. Every, you know, narcotics, major crimes, everyone, because they said we had guns at the fight. They called and said they have guns. The guys who are buying the drugs called the all the neighbors that saw the fight. It's really tight in West Haven. So everybody that saw everybody, they were like, they come up. They have guns. So they pull us over, take us out of the car. They take my golf bag out of my car, lay me down in the middle of the street handcuffed and they prop my ankle on my golf bag for like two hours. They search the whole car down, tear all the seats out. So I'm laying on the ground spitting, like begging the cops, pulling at their pants like this, like, please, bro, bring me to the hospital. I'm in so much pain. Like, we don't care until we finish the search. And then finally, I get to the hospital in Milford. They I got to Milford, had a completely messed up leg. And they were treating me like a piece of because everybody knew I was in the town. So they wouldn't give me any drugs. They wouldn't give me any painkillers. They were just they just let me like my mom was screaming. Yeah, I didn't take any any painkillers for this. Yeah, different, different than that. That sounds I mean, it was pretty gnarly, but I've had so many instances like that, and it's just been it's actually it's actually crazy. I was thinking about it the other day. How many? I was driving home with Keefa the other day from Tavs. We did like a little birthday party for Tav down in Palm Springs. And I was talking to Keefa about quickly about another event that happened in like 2007, 2000, maybe like a little bit earlier, 2006. And I got pulled over and I just bagged up 10. I just picked up 10 grams of heroin. I just bagged it up. So 10 grams. This is like way too much detail, but it's interesting. So 10 grams breaks down into if you bag up at point three bundles breaks down into about 330 bags, individual dime bags of dope, right? That you can then go sell at street level. So it's 33 bundles. So I'm driving and I'm already convert to cash wise. At the time, I probably was getting like a buck a buck 10 per bundle. So maybe like 33, maybe like 3300, a little over 3300 bucks. And I'd probably pay. I probably would pay like 1200 bucks for it. So it's a pretty good. I mean, it would take me a little while to move through that much because it's a decent amount. I mean, most people buy about a bundle on the streets like 1600. But I would also sniff a good chunk of it, obviously. Right. So I'm driving and I'm already on a suspended sentence. I have a five year suspended sentence. I was on five year probation, five years suspended. So if you violate your probation for any reason, you have to go do five years automatically and then whatever else you got arrested for gets added on top of it. Right. So it could be just for anything, for a speed like reckless driving, for example. Right. Yeah. So I'm driving. I have this on me in my in my cargo pocket. And I'm driving from East Haven towards Milford to go start making sales. And I get pulled over. And I'd never been pulled over with that. I've been pulled over with a couple of Oxycontin, weed, all that shit, whatever. But I've never been pulled over with a real amount of weight like that, like intent to distribute weight. And I get pulled over. I've got a suspended license. They come out to a window. They say, hey, Mike, what's going on? I knew I was screwed as soon as they said that. They're like, hey, Mike, where are you going tonight? And I was like, this is. And I've got five thousand dollars or like fifty six hundred dollars something like that in the middle compartment. They pull me out of the car. They search the car. They find that they're like, where you work in these days? I was like, I just do odds and ends for my grandmother. Dumbest answer of all time. Like, oh, yeah, fifty six hundred bucks. Go search the whole car. They don't find anything for some reason. They search me after. So they put me up. I got my hands on the top of the car. Start patting down. It's in member of the old cargo pockets that really fat. Yeah. It was in the bottom of one of those, like just stuffed in there. All he had to do is reach in it. He patted over it. My legs, my knees were knocking together, bro. I would. The reason I'm telling you this is think about this. Think about things in life and how they work. I'm sitting in the car driving back with Keefa. We're talking about our lives and like how long we've known each other. It's you know, we just gotten done doing this thing and we're having like a real hard time. He goes. You would have never known any of this. Any I would have never met you. I never would have met you. I never would have met him. I never would have met Keefa. I never probably would never even came to California. If he just in that one split instance of life, just reached in or felt it and reach in five years suspended, plus probably another ten on top. Yeah, I probably would maybe not still be, but I probably would have done seven or eight years. I never would have had any of this. I never would have met anybody. Talk about content. I would. It's just what I've got where I'm going with this is it's really wild how. The most split second and tiny little things in life ripple could ripple out or not ripple out in such insane ways, like crazy butterfly effect. I think they I think they all do it just like it takes time for you to see it come to fruition. Like, I mean, for example, that day on the concept you're talking of, the only way that I was able to make myself feel better was like OK, maybe if I went and rode dirt bike, something even worse would have happened. That's the only thing. 100 percent. That's 100 percent. Because there was no other way. I was like, why? Like, why is my my hands were injured for like a whole like feel like the last two years, my hands have been injured, which is a very weird thing. Like my dogs fighting me, ripping them apart, like multiple times having injuries on my fingers. This is like the last one. I'm like, what is going on? But I'm like, I have to look at it that it could have been way worse. 100 percent. So I mean, it's just how kind of how life is. I think in all aspects, it's that way. You know, it's a perspective thing. I mean, I mean, everything. But the but the question that I have and it's kind of in regards to both of us is. Although we know we kind of everyone knows that to be true, we all accept that to be true, right? But there are actions, there are choices you make that lead you down these these roads regardless, like like for you know, and I'm speaking to when I said, in regards to us is like. I saw you battling recently for, you know, being the guy without a family and being older. On the poster child. And you know, I'm not too far behind you, you know, the same sort of situation. No kids. And I think about that a lot. I think just think about the choices that I've made over all these years and like how choices that I made when I was younger obviously led me to where I'm at today. Obviously, very happy in a lot of ways, but there are those other avenues of my life. And we've talked about this on the phone a couple of times, I think, you know, over the last six months that you're just like, at least me, I'm like, man, did I did I make all the right choices in a lot of other ways? But I also know that you can't like I know that I can't make all of the right choices. But then I have to go, well, then maybe maybe I did. Like, maybe it's just my timing is just different. We live, I'll speak for myself. I've lived a very, very, very complex life. Yeah, layers of complexity. And so the conversation lately about the kids and the aging and stuff like that, I've had to get to a point and I've luckily got got to a point years ago where unless you're able to really relate with me, relate to me on a level of you've lived on the streets, you've battled substance and mental illness at the level that I've had. I have you've battled organ removals and debilitating injuries and felony charges and family issues and then covered so much ground to a point where you're living a life at the top, top tier of of of networking and career and all of these different things. And you truly can empathize and understand for that situation. And why are you? Why are you talking to me about anything you could? You can do it. I'll respect your opinion, but I'm not going. It's very, very hard for me to relate to anyone who tries to layer on some sort of like this is how life has to go because my life doesn't look like anyone else's. There's not a single person out there in this world that I can go and look at maybe five where I can go and be like, yo, look at the look at the look at the look at the So like should I know there's nothing there is nothing that I would change. There is nothing that I would change. It is for me to even be sitting here having this conversation with you on the couch right now is a miracle, an absolute miracle, dude. It should have never happened. I should have been dead a thousand times over or in jail a thousand times over. So like to look back and be like, oh, I regret this thing or, you know, I had this girl and dude is going to play out the way it plays out. It really is life is life is a mix of like free will and fate and God and luck and and and talent and opportunity and all of the timing and it's going to play out the way it is. You know what I'm saying? And now, you know, to the point, like I had that tweet last week with like went absolutely insane. I made that ridiculously like random tweet at Logan's wedding about like your friends asking you to go to Logan's wedding. Yeah, and I didn't think it was going to be like some definitive moment for me, but I just it was just like a mess around tweet and you know, it definitely it definitely makes me think dude, but I'm sure I don't know if you feel like me, but the way I truly feel about my life, dude, is I could look around at anyone in the world. I see beauty in everybody's lives. People have families. Logan's got a beautiful family. My sister, both my sisters have multiple kids. Other people have kids. I have a lot of friends. I have a lot of friends. Both my sisters have multiple kids. Other people don't have families. They do other stuff. There's not a single person that I would trade my life with and I can say that to dead in the eyes. There's not a single human on this planet that I would say, you know, I'm so envious of their life that I would give up this adventure that I'm on. I love my life. I love exploring new places. I love meeting new people. I love having the freedom to just do anything I want whenever I want if I want to go to Finland, if I want to go to Oktoberfest, if I want I love exploring and then storytelling based on that exploration. That's what I love to do. It's what really really drives me and do I do I am I am I intrigued by the idea of continuing my namesake and having children and raising them in a in a cool way being being the dad that I know I could be as an intelligent and funny and you know, like all of the things that I have to offer with all of the empathy and perspective that I've gained through all this life experience. Of course, it's intriguing to me, but I'm not in any rush. I'm not working on anyone else's timeline. I'm going to do it in the way that I that I want to do it. You know what I'm saying? And so like I'm sure you're in the same boat as me. And if you're not you should be which is just like dude. The online audience is like walking past a playground and you're on your way to do something great or you're already doing something great and the kids on the slide are screaming look at this mother bro, and there's a lot of them. There's a lot of them, but that's what I see when I when I see the comments and I'll just toy back like look at you 40 on grow up start a family for real for real like dog. Yeah, I'm in the middle of the ocean on a mega yacht right now doing the things I want to do. Why am I why am I even seeing your you know what I'm saying? But that's the that's the world we live in like for example, like not to go too far off topic because I want to get back to the kids but like mr. Beast. Yeah. Yeah, that guy that guy can't do I mean the guy is everything right. Dude is literally building wells and providing water providing schools providing eyes ears shit for people who don't have it and people are mad because they don't feel like he's doing it for the right reason or because he smiled weird and you smile dude. Shut the fuck up. What are you these dude? It's the voice that the sad general mass has nowadays. It's it's it's it's to me. It's hilarious. I know for younger people it's it's it's hurtful and it hurts them and it and it represents to them like real things about themself to me. It's just it really is just like, you know white noise. It's like that. It's just like stupid bro. You do not have the latitude or authority to speak to me on that level. You don't and I see that so I'm not interested in your conversation and someone who has the critical ability based on their own life experience their own success their own family whatever it wants to come talk to me about something have that conversation all day one-on-one. Let's talk about it. Let me give you the context of really understand where I'm coming from. Let me understand the context of where you're coming from. But this headline comment culture is why would we even entertain that? What's the point? Yeah, I feel like it's gotten worse though. Just a pen like the last few years how much you as the holder of your own perspective in life and your own horizon like the rise in theory. You this is your life. It's gotten worse for the people who allow it to get worse for me. I read it. I laugh at it like when the some of the shit is so funny to me like when they get a good joke on me. I'm like that was a good one. Do you know what I'm saying? Like it's funny to me and I actually respect it. I'm like, dude, you deserve the 26 bucks. You're going to make on Twitter this month for that. Like what I think Twitter might just be the worst place for it specifically. But it seems like it's everywhere like. Okay, outside of obviously your perspective on it and you seen it. Do you think though that as a whole it's gotten a word the internet in general has gotten more negative. It's just it just continues to be more in general. I don't know that it's more. I don't think it's more negative. But I think if it's just starting to it just has really just enveloped everything and you're watching like you're watching like traditional celebrity traditional athlete traditional politician all of that fade out to be to be reinvented by the social media representation of those people. So instead of a 28 and 0 boxer that's coming out of New York City Golden Gloves, you get the Jake Paul version instead of like this guy who's, you know, fought for immigrants and for this thing and for that thing and help build a city from take a city like Detroit to a better place. And now he moves up to the next level from mayor to governor to president you get Trump as opposed to, you know, like, you know, artists that are musicians and multi-talented musicians like Tame Impala and Mac Miller was you get you get, you know, I don't know like or someone or like or like Playboy Carti or something like that. That's just like runs off these really quick social media hits and everything's become very bite-sized and very and by the way, like I'm in many ways a product of it as well. Like I can't I can't hate on it. It's just the way that the world is going where we've become. Algorithm we've become part of the algorithm. That's all we are now. We're just we're just ones and zeros at this at this point. You know, there's no reality. Yeah, that's where it gets scary. Because of the the the the controlling of it the coordination of it like the you know, like who's pulling the levers. Yeah, like that aspect of it knowing that like because we're so ingrained in it now like us like real people and then they've also ingrained so much like fake fake influence bots all this sort of whoever is controlling, you know, the algorithms. It's like we're kind of at Bay to that direction. Like you see this shit comes out and it's like, you know, this the trance this new trans shooter and now you see the whole right has now done this like trans like are it's all mental illness and like look at the pattern and these people are shooting people and it's it's an MK all Candace Owens. It's an MK ultra thing and like this is a this is all a product like it's it's I can't say it's either true or false, but I can say there is like there is enough evidence of something so I don't know if it's a group of people a bunch of people a bunch of different groups of people a bunch of different like, I don't know dude corrupt nonsense is trying to make the world go what the going on so they can continue as usual, but it just feels like that's getting way more powerful. I agree with you and I and I believe when you say that that this could all in some way be a tool for some sort of confusion tactic by the government or whatever, but The knife that's being held to our throats were holding it were the ones holding it like even if they're the ones who fashion the knife, which is supposed to sedate us keep us calm. Yeah, but feeding off of this slop that is social. I mean slop bro. You you got from I'm inundated with this brain rot all day. It's rock dude, whether you go to Twitter and it's and it's you know trans Nazis were right and this thing and that thing and then you go to to twitch and it's like gore lock is some Neon's knee and it's slop the whole it is the it is a world of the dumbest bullshit of all time. It is so stupid. But here's the problem to your point. We're doing it to ourselves at any moment of your day. You have the option to put it down. You're not doing it. It's true. They're not doing it. It is it is a discipline like anything else. I had to put heroin down. This is way harder way harder. This is way harder because I can do it in the car. I can do it at the house. I could do it at the movies. I could do it in class and nobody's like dude. Why are you doing heroin? This is this has been right size for us for three-year-olds. You got three-year-olds at outback looking at this this I've had look at watching Coco melon just eyes glazed over completely sucked into it. I'm telling you bro. Nothing has ever been more dangerous. Nothing has ever been more dangerous to the world than this thing. I agree. This is the most dangerous thing that has ever happened in the history of mankind. That is what is so I don't know. That's what's so scary and so concerned to me is because we could sit here and have that conversation and say, yeah, just put it down. It's the same conversation about taxes. If we all say we're not going to pay and we wouldn't have to pay. No, it's not the same thing. No, it's not the same cause you have to pay taxes or there's a penalty. There's a penalty of putting your phone down is actually a benefit. But you then reconnect with the real world. But the thing that I'm talking about is the lack of control and therefore the other a massive amount of let me scare you for a second. Okay. And the audience as well. Okay. When one day we figure all this shit out and we know exactly who shot JFK and what was going on on Epstein Island and and it's time to rise up against the tyrannical government with our Second Amendment guns. Nobody's going to do it. No one's going to do. That's my point. No one is going to do shit because either before our current situation where we're spoon-fed bullshit all day and everybody's fat and stupid and wouldn't get off their couch. Even if someone was kicking their own kid out front because people are stupid except for a small minority. No one's going to do anything. People are lazy and they're not going to do anything, dude. There's not you're right. But that's what I'm kind of speaking to is that you're right. We can just put it down, not be as engaged, focus on our lives, focus on our fitness, focus on our business, focus on a relationship, but you can't ignore something that's also happening regardless to the mass amount of people that's going to end up affecting you regardless because you can encourage I can encourage a million people to go, you know what? I'm going to chill focus on myself, grind grind work and they do it but there's still a massive amount of the population like tenfold a hundredfold that is they're never going to step away from it. And you're saying you have to then interact with those people. So they're going to come interact with your those people. Those people are still a part of decision-making a part of voting a part of all that like they're still a part of everything that makes our world our world and our reality our reality not in our immediate space. Me and you right here in this room. They're not coming here and being like you can't say that because I'm you know, I'm we're here and you can't talk but what I'm saying is like that is happening no matter what and that's why it becomes concerning if you talk about the powers that in control and all this sort of shit, whatever is because it's happening whether or not we want to participate or not. Yeah, but okay. So what do you want to so what do you intend to do about that? Do you know what I'm saying? And it's and it's going to continue to get more and more, you know, less and less democratized as you move towards AI and like all this stuff and people are garnering more and more power. I mean, what do you powers moving between private sector and government sector in such weird ways nowadays. It's like, I don't know. What do you want to do? What do you want to do? Do you want to do you want to take a stand like do you want to do want to do what they're doing on Twitter and just blame the Jews for everything like what are you willing to actually do to to to fix the situation? The only thing you really can do at the end of the day is is take control of your own life. The life of your family members in instilling good habits in them and in instilling in them survival skills to survive this weird new world. We live in you people are so ingrained in their belief sets. If you go to to someone on in one of these sects that believes something specific about something with with the most absolute bulletproof evidence of all time that what they're saying is incorrect. They will not budge. Yeah, we live in a world where everyone is entrenched in their Whether they're doing it for to be a part of something a community is a lot of these people. It's the first time they've ever felt a part of something. Okay, like, you know, not the right or the left say both whatever side or whatever little segment that's a part of it. This is the first time they ever felt included. It's the first time they ever felt cool. They're like we do this together. Like let's all do this together. Look how many likes I'm getting on Twitter. Then you've got the real scum the real straight up scumbags That are doing it purely for clicks and money that are really the ones driving the majority of the infection. Those are the pundits. It's not brother. I'm telling you right now. That is a talking point. The pundits are worse than the platforms. They just are they just are that has there been some has there been some concerns around suppression? Absolutely. Okay, 100% but now you're looking at some of these sites that have much more limited suppression. The platforms are basically saying, okay, we get it. You're not cool with that anymore. We're going to kind of let a lot of this fly. I especially on X and other sites like that and ready and all these places. There's plenty of platforms and kick. There's plenty of platforms for you to go out there and say whatever the fuck you want. So you can't just blame it on the platforms and the powers that control them. The pundits are the ones driving the infection. They're the one they're all of the anti-Semitism all of the, you know, all of the different things that are happening. It's not coming from the platforms coming from people who want you to click their shit so they can make money. You think any of them care? Do you think Candice Owens gives a fuck what happens? Do you really think when she goes to bed at night, she's like, oh, I really made a difference today when I was saying McCrone's wife is a man. She doesn't give a click views money. Yeah, pockets. That's it. That's all they care about. And then they turn around and say you're a piece of shit. You're supported by the Jews. That's a defense mechanism that you call projecting right? Like and if the other it's Europe supported by Qatar Russia, right? Like that's it's I don't play in any of it. I don't do it. I could have gone into this space so long ago into this whole red pill verse black and all this crazy and had a crazy commentary channel about this never did it because it's stupid. It's stupid. It's headline culture bullshit with that's not supported by any facts. I don't even consider myself a content creator. I don't I consider I just live my life and sometimes a camera appears. I'm not even kidding. I'm not kidding. There's no concept. You know, the last time I had a piece of content where there was a concept I had a conversation with someone about it. I just live my life and somebody's like in the background doing this. Yeah, like I don't want to play with these people. I don't with 99% of this of this community in this industry. I come do this show. I drive an hour and a half. It's I'm not doing this for any reason. I'm not getting paid. I'm not getting new clout. Not there's no new people have never heard of me watching the show. Yeah, I'm here because I like you. Yeah, I get it. The only reason I like talking to you. Yeah, there's nothing else in this for me at any point. Did you I mean, that's that seems like a you at now. That's like a you now though, but you five years ago you did make more moves that were more anticipating outcomes. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think so. I think I mean, my thing is just always been collabing and the collabing a lot of times was done in the vein of increased viewership. You know what I'm saying? Sure. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna deny that you know what I'm saying? Like views were views were way different when there was Lana's it. Well, I mean lot the relationship with Lana was a real thing, but it certainly it certainly was. Complicated and complex complex. Sure. I'm saying with the amount of eyeballs and just the amount of stuff that was going on, but I mean all that to say like I just I don't know. It's it's the it's a good question that you're asking, but I just I don't have the answer to it. And like I'm now I'm like old and mature enough to say like I don't know what I don't know and I really don't know how to answer that question. I don't know what you do. I don't know how you unplug from it besides you personally unplugging from it creating better habits for yourself and and that's it. Yeah, I mean at the end of day, I know it all comes down to you. Like that's the reality of all this shit like you have to check yourself instead of trying to check other people on Twitter or trying to argue with people. I get it. I just think it just knowing that there is this space that is so entrenched in our society that is seemingly terrible like every time I look at it's horrible. I'm just like man, where does this go? How does this end up like where does this all stop at? It just seems like it's it sounds like it's only going to become worse and then AI we talked about it like it's only going to become like even more shrewd and like pointed and directional and controlled almost in a sense. It's just a little scary. I guess just get off the grid. I mean, truthfully like I like it's been it's one of the things that's always annoyed me has been like this whole like, you know, fence it or the clout thing and all this stuff. Do you know like anti my business model is for me to be telling people right now to stop watching the internet. Why else would I be doing that if I really like I'm telling you right now like the Internet is an awful the shit that you're seeing like people are like no, but it's a helpful tool. I have everything at the you know, right and I have my fingertip like I can learn about anything bro. If you're doing that, God bless you like God bless you. If you're really right, if your algorithm really looks like that like today's hot science tip of the day, but in reality like it's probably like heel Mike beating the shit out of someone or like HSS tiki-taki fighting people in Marbella and and like Gorlock sitting on someone's head. You know what I'm saying? And like that's probably what your algo looks like and togi betting a million dollars on something and and you know what I'm saying? Like and and you know, God bless all them. They're doing great with what they're doing, but it's just like dude, like I feel like we've lost track so much of like what life is that this has all become normalized now like it's all so normal to just sign on and be like bro. Did you see this video of this dude getting run over by train today? Bro his whole head exploded man. Isn't that shit crazy? And then like two seconds later is like a trans man woman murdered 87 children and people like oh man, dude, this trans dude like what the only thing I can think to do is like turn it off man. Yeah, I get it. Yeah, what else do you actually do like what like give me another option? Petition like go to legislature like write a book about it. Like, I don't know. I don't know what you do. Yeah, you know, cuz that that's the thing when people talk about, you know, the whole conversation around like Jews and stuff. It's like the controlling people whatever controlling groups there are my mind is like our are I just kind of always go back in a circle of even if you were to remove all the Jews or the people controlling from these things whoever gets in the place afterwards. They're just controlling their own advantage. I'm just like it's just so it's just so as a Christian a 100% baptized at birth Christian the whole thing of like the world is run by Jews like every position is a Jew and it's all this like Jewish. I don't even know what to say about it. Like the fact that that has become such a talking point to me is like absolutely crazy. Well, it's because there's so many things like when you when you point to like government officials that like you can't ignore. Okay. Okay. So for example, the president of the free world the leader of the free world is he Jewish? I don't believe so. Okay, it's not he's the he's the leader of the free world. Is he Jewish? No, is I I'm going to ask you some questions. I don't know what the answer is. You can go. Well, how was he funded? Was he funded by that? I don't know. I don't know. You're telling me this little tiny state. I'm not saying this is wrong. Oh, you had what's his name on Nick. I want to say this really quick. I got shit for that. No, no, I want to say this really quick take out what he's saying. That dude is one of the best orators on the internet. He's if his ability to speak is I would never ever want to end up in a debate with that guy. I do he is he is like true and I'll always get flowers to people. I don't care who they are for the things they do well because keep in mind on the way it would be that I was going to say on the flip side on the same side as him. The greatest speaker that we've seen in modern times is Hitler. Hitler was was one of the greatest orators ever. Like like the reason he was able to create the control that he had was because he was so charismatic, so well spoken and his delivery and his substance was was extremely well delivered. Okay, so not to put them in the same pocket. But what I'm saying is I'm and I'm not putting him in the same bucket, but he's a very very good speaker. Yeah, he's a very good speaker, but also incredibly intelligent as far as like getting information and just off the dome regurgitating in a way that's like coherent. Like I can't believe how much time do you think he spends on his phone every day because some because one thing that I thought of recently is another thing that I know for sure is that the phones really the phones really mess up your thought your train of thought. So, okay, so back in the day when you would get bored and you would think about something you would come up with an idea or a problem. You would move to this thing come up with this scheme to solve it or you would come up with a cool piece of creative or something having to do with the job you work at nowadays. You'll get to step one, but then you'll be taken off course by an email or a text message or an Instagram post or something like that. And when you go back, you're not back in the same spot. You would have been if you were if you were on this streamline of original thought like it used to be back in the day. These are a huge distraction and a huge like course redirection and watching him in the way that he speaks in the way that his brain works. I could be wrong, but I don't know why I feel like his screen time is low. I don't know. I could ask him. I don't know. I'd be curious though. I am too. I he's like I said, he's a he's a very good speaker. His the substance of what he's actually saying. I once again, he studies it. I don't know. I mean, I'm definitely not the right guy to be asking about it, but I guess I it makes me want to ask the questions of like, you know, like is Elon for example, the world's richest man. Is he Jewish? No. Is like the is like the richest man in China, right? Like was it was it Jack Ma? Is that who was Jack Ma? Right? One of them something like that. Is that right? Is he Jewish? No, but I don't think China's I mean far as I'm just saying is I'm just saying like all of these people who are the real like Illuminati size people the leaders the true leadership of the world, right? Like like the the the that massive billionaire family in India who has the zoo and they're the biggest, you know, like are they Jewish money? Yeah, are they Jewish? No. So, okay, and I understand what you're saying. So you're telling me this this state that exists in this in this war-torn area. Okay of the world that has been fighting off attackers for years. This this tiny nation has so much power and so much money. Even though they have no resources. They have so much abundance that they have purchased all of the leaders of the world and the entire world reports back to Israel and Benjamin Netanyahu because they are just so powerful. That's what if that's what you're telling me that's fine. But but in order for me to believe something that in in in its like simplest and least complex way seems a little far fetched to me like this nation has more power than a nation of 300 million people that runs the planet. Okay. I would need to see some real real hard evidence to believe it like and I'm talking about some some documents some emails that are like yo dog, you're gonna you're gonna go to Epstein Island or we're gonna do what we're gonna release this blackmail we have on you like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, but you think that's not how blackmail works. You're not gonna put in the email that kind of stuff, you know, okay, so so what so once again it comes down to one of these things and we've seen this for years and years and years where You know, it's more about the donors of course Hillary Clinton. You know one thing we know for a fact Hillary Clinton has her hit squad. Okay, that's Israel. That's Israeli funded. Okay, that murders people for her. Okay, but of course no one would ever get caught. She would never slip up. There would never be in there would never be a single shred of anything that ever proved anything because obviously they're not that dumb and anybody who had the evidence would obviously be killed automatically. I don't think where do you land Brad like truthfully, where do you land do land in the world where you just wear these conspiracies? Even when there's no evidence to support them or very loose evidence or light evidence to support them or support something much lower where becomes this string theory and one thing kind of means one thing but when you attach it to another thing, it means all this stuff right? How much of it do you choose as a human to believe and that's a question you'd ask yourself, you know, there are just the undeniable or just the amount of like donations and stuff done in our Congress and the level of which they vote for things that are in favor for another country, not our country. You're right. You're right. I don't you're right. And I don't understand that. I don't know if it's a territory thing where where certainly Israel has incredible has incredible technology. They've got a really really good intelligence agency in Mossad. They've got a lot. I don't know what we're buying, but I know that all the attention now is on it. Do you not think that we're doing the same thing in somewhere in Sub-Saharan Africa? Do you think we're not investing money? Do you think we're not playing that same game with, you know, with Taiwan? For example, do you know how much money we've probably putting to Taiwan because we need to have that strategic hold on China? So why why as a once again as a Christian who gets $0 from the Jews? This is a question. And by the way, I could be completely wrong about all of it. And I'm here to admit it. I'm just being the devil's advocate asking the question. Is it possible that this is just become a little bit of a talking thing where all the attention is on this nation to a degree, but there's also like majority of the world also categorize what Israel is doing as like being war criminals, right? What they're doing is yeah, no, no, no, no, no, hold on a second. That's not what I'm saying. No, I know. No, but I'm going on in Gaza's. I know, but what I'm completely answering it most of the world powers said that is wrong completely. They've all out. They've all said this is a war crime, right? Agreed. There's only one country that hasn't and there's also one country that told another country its actual literal closest ally as in geography wise Canada. And also I think I think we do about 17% of our trade intercom ors trade with Canada and we were going to put tariffs on a country that we do 7% of our trade with versus a country that we do like I think 0.4% of our trade with Israel. The point is there's a lot of things that go we go why is this happening in regards to them in regards to Israel specifically in relationship to America and because there's no answer. That's that's when you get all the well this and that and that and that and this this has to do with that and then that I'm going to because there is an undeniable there where we go. Well, how are we not? How are we the only ones doing this? I agree with you and then we talk about intelligence and all this stuff. We say how it's their intelligence so great, but then they bomb the same hospital two times in a row after they killed some journalists and they kill a bunch of people trying to get the journalists out what's happening Gaza oops, it's a mistake. So it's like there's a lot of things that you see and you go, okay. Well, there's a little bit of an undeniable where we go everyone's kind of like this is wrong, but we're still defending it. I think there's a difference between the horrors that are going on there and this broader statement about this overall global ownership and I think there's I think there's a difference between the two things truthfully. I think I think Netanyahu has enough trouble with his own people in his country who are saying yo, this has gotten way out of the hand like dude, you go to Israel. You'll see enough anti Netanyahu stuff there like they're not just all like, yeah, dude, the situations out of control. We we I we completely get that taking a step back. I have a best-selling book. It's great. I've done a lot of great stuff. I've interviewed a lot of cool people and had a great time, but truthfully, I have an associate's degree in liberal arts. I smoked crack. Okay, I really love I really love girls and just like having a good time. So and by the way, like you cut your finger off last week with a motorcycle. Yeah. Okay. So what I'm going to say here in a microcosm and I hope the people watching this listen is there's a chance that none of us really understand the geopolitical theater as much as we like to think we do. Okay, like even like the people that truly study it the pundits like like Nick and a lot bro, like do you understand how much how many layers of shit there is from government military intelligence to private sector like like leisure and travel do there are a million sectors and subsectors of conversation involved in this in this massive dialogue. So the only thing I'm trying to roll back here and the only thing I can do is ask questions. That's it. I can only ask questions, but but the questions I'm asking. They don't give me answers that lead me to believe that there's this overall one nation state world of of as opposed to being called Earth of having it be called Israel that does not that as of right now. I don't have the evidence to make that and to make that my final analysis. I do not I truthfully do not believe that Israel just runs the world. No, I don't think that I don't think it's that simple. No, not at all. It's certainly simplified enough online these days. Have you been on Twitter? Yeah, but I don't I don't think I don't think they say it's not in that exact connotation. Oh, it is Jews. Have you never seen Jews run the world? Have you never seen that? I mean, I've seen it. Yeah, but I don't mean I don't think that means specifically Israel itself. I think I think they're talking about overarching industries like you just named government where the power lies and how the power which okay, so the last question I would ask on and then we could switch to something far more light-hearted. Yeah, it's like which industry specifically because I've seen stuff in like music pharmaceutical Hollywood that makes military industrial complex all these big companies that sell weapons Is there not is there not a Christian or Muslim represented competitive entities in those spaces? It's just this once again a question. They're just all run by Jewish people like like if you look at the military complex like for example, he represents a small part of it, but we had Palmer Lucky on the show, right? Is he Jewish? I don't know. These are just questions. I'm like actually asking like what percentage of leadership is truly represented by Jewish people or these just You know straw man like picking this company is Jewish. If you say Boeing's run or Northrop Grumman is run by a Jew. Someone's going to watch and be like, okay, like that's one of the leaders in aerospace and in military technology. So it's a Jewish on industry. But what if there's 40 other companies that aren't run by Jewish people like who's doing the analysis? Is it Nick? I mean, I think it's a ton of people. I'm not doing it personally myself. I'm just asking the question. I don't have answer and by the way 60 years from now. This is how I'm telling you right now, dude, like there's no checks. There's no like you can't you know that Bradley. Do you think that Benjamin Netanyahu is calling me and be like we didn't really like what you said on Bradley Martin's podcast about the damage we're doing. God, there's nobody. I'm just a random guy, dude. There's nobody telling me I can't say shit. If I wanted to go on a rampage right now and drop hard are I could do it. No, if I wanted to go out and just scream out a bunch of anti-Semitism at that, I could do it. There's no reason I wouldn't do it. The reason I don't do it is because I don't want to do it. Yeah, why would I want to do that? Okay. So what I'm telling you is this in 50 years, I could be completely proven wrong. Like in 50 years do we may find out that everything I'm saying on the show and they'll be like, haha, dumb ass. We wish you cut your finger off on the motorcycle. Not Brad. You know, that could happen. It's truthfully could happen. I'm not here. I can only ask questions and someone will answer those questions whether it's Nick or Candice or whoever like though they can go through and be like, dude. Yeah, like maybe 98% of the industry is run, but I don't know. Yeah, I just go to people's weddings and officiate. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm out here. You got caught out by his dad from people that why did that go viral? Which one? What was it again? He was just like, you kind of just got lucky. You got the right. I can't even keep track anymore, dude. It's like I swear to you, like hating on me is the is the everyone's favorite, but all the comments to be fair for you, all the comments were like, well, Mike, this is the reason why the shows dope. Mike, Mike, Mike, you know, nothing gets Logan, obviously, but yeah, but it's just like, yeah, you're you're you're great at speaking. You're great, which is another thing. Last time we did a podcast. I don't know how long ago. Oh, I'm gonna do my pod. You're such a bullshitter, bro. Yeah, that was something I want to talk to you about. No, I don't get it. He's just still trying to like what what the fuck are you doing? It's like a it's like a mix of just of just like bad discipline and just and just like and just. Anxiety and Mr. Put the phone down. You control your life. No, no, no, no, no, no preaching the choir. Yeah, like don't get me wrong. Like I mean, I'm honest thing all the time. You know what I'm saying? It's just I know I'm aware of the the pitfalls of it, but simply put, dude, I'll be honest with you, man. I'm an addict, bro, like through and through and I really mean that and and and that's the worst part of the fact that I haven't branched off and done that yet because so we just signed the deal with fanatics and WWE. It's been phenomenal. It's been great. We've got a new we've got new, you know, a whole new lease on gas and a lot of new stuff coming into the shows great and I and I and I will do the show for as long as we do the show right forever. Hopefully, right, but but like truthfully man, like I just there's a I have a lot of really really bad habits. That range from that range from this thing to how I talk to myself how I think that I just really like haven't been able to get a hold of dude. You know what I'm saying? I mean we talk about I know we get at least one good like mental health segment every time I come on and that's one of my favorite things to talk to you about but it's it's one of the hardest things about my lack of acceleration there is that there's people who need to help. All right guys, quick interruptions podcast is sponsored by better help. Obviously, we're doing a little therapy session here with Mike, but I have talked about this before. I want to talk about it again. If you guys are looking for a different perspective other than your own other than your circle the people that are, you know, in your immediate and you're trying to process something your life right now and you're looking for some outlet, maybe you haven't tried it before talk therapy better help makes it really easy for you guys to do that right now from the comfort of your own home. You don't need to go book an appointment somewhere. You don't need to go drive somewhere. You don't have any excuses kind of get all excuses out the way go attack whatever that thing is that you're trying to work out in your mind get a little bit of help go to better help.com slash raw talk right now. That's better h elp.com slash raw talk to get 10% off your first month. Give it a shot. I've done this in the past. I've had many different occasions in my life where I've actually gone to talk therapy. It has helped realize something either about myself about my situation that I couldn't see because I was kind of just locked in what I thought was right or was wrong. Give it a shot better help. Com slash raw talk 10% off your first month. Let's get back in this podcast. You know what I'm saying? And I very much want the show to be something that it makes impact. You know what I'm saying? Because that's that's the one thing that I don't think people really understand about me. There's there's obviously like a lot of Joking about, you know, the girls and about Logan and that show and the entertainment side of things. But like I don't think people outside of my individual sphere of the night shift in the fifth vital really understand the size of the impact. You know what I'm saying? And I've and I've had the the opportunity and the honor to work directly with and also just indirectly impact so many people that have been struggling. You know what I'm saying? And so many people who I mean, if you looked at my message, is on any given day, it's just so many Matt. I can't even tell. I mean, the first thing I did this morning, the first thing I did this morning when I woke up is is have a I can I can show you is have a full-blown conversation with this guy who messaged me at 857 you can 742 a.m. You could you could read the message. You said hey man, I could really use some advice on recovery. I'm 10 days clean and have never quit before I've listened to your podcast and could relate because I was on oxy for three years and then age heroin for four just need someone to talk to say you say hey brother like we understand how you're feeling but you got to push through it's going to take a minute for you to brain to readjust to everything but once it does you're going to have a new lease on life. Everything I have is because I got clean. I made a life for myself and people around me because I got clean. You keep you got to keep pushing. That's that's so how long until you feel normal again, and I told them yeah, and I mean you can see is I'm going to have to get to all that but but basically like most so so but yeah, there's a there's a ton of shit. I mean, I guess my point is like, you know that there's there's a benefit there like what wired are you holding on Marty? Well, Marty make I think I think comfort is is a horrible thing and since I've already and continue to make a large splash in the space that the fifth I don't know if this is even signed or public yet, but the fifth vital will be we just signed for Doc. So a full doc that will go to streamers that we already started shooting and we I believe are either have signed or about to sign with CA for a full motion for the book meeting like raise 1050 million dollars like a real project with like a real a list be less actor be potentially the first creator part of this creator economy. That's how to move he made about their life like a full Hollywood motion picture made based on the fifth vital will it happen? We'll see. I mean, it's still early in development. It's got to go to screenplay and director and stuff like that. But this stuff is coming and it's happening. Got to check it out for the Jews have to clear the project and make sure that there's no anti-israel sentiment. Exactly. But no, but I mean, listen, like like I continue to message it as much as I can and that's another reason why I come here because I don't get a chance to talk about on impulsive very much and and and so to your point, it's it's a real pain in my side. It's a real pain point for me that if you just started going off on this shit on impulsive with Logan be like stop. It would depend on how it fit into the show. Does that make sense? Just because like if he saw that I was passionate about something and it was something on that that would that made sense to the conversation because because our show is like very when you when you have a show with another person and both people operate like a very very high level of dialogue and conversational acuity. We like dude, I'm telling you man, like we 500 shows in now. I don't know who has a one to podcast that has better chemistry than me. I mean, dude, we the way we know based on the smallest verbal cues based on the smallest like you'll never see it, but he might tap my leg. I might tap his leg like if I'm gonna like you would never see this shit, but it allows us to have a program that's like very seamless and and very like as little interruption between the two co-hosts as possible. So there's no power struggle or any of that. So if I have something that's going to like like innately fit into the conversation we're having then he's not going to he's not going to have a problem with it. But for it to become like the overarching conversation, that's not going to happen. It's just not it's not in his wheelhouse to talk about mental health like that because he's such a headstrong individual. He's never dealt with it. He doesn't he doesn't it doesn't make sense to him. Yeah, you know what I'm saying, which for a lot of people doesn't there's a lot of people watching this right now that you know here mental health and they say to themselves like go lift heavy weights. Yeah, you know what I'm saying and like like, you know, like obviously like the whole like tate era and like a lot of that stuff kind of push that message. Like you don't have there's no such thing as a as a chemical issue. It's just simply lift heavy weights eat more chicken, you know, like yeah and watch your stock charts, you know what I'm saying, but like watch your stuff. You know what I'm saying, but like dude, if trauma is a is a massive massive contributor to this shit. Yeah, like you've seen you have seen and dealt with things in your life that other people haven't and they'll never understand or be or even be able to begin to empathize with what that did to the entire trajectory of your life. You know what I'm saying? Like like I know about you what you've been through they do too, you know, like we've we've all seen the shows and seen the clips. I've got a whole book about it. Like so so I'm not mad at people that can't empathize for it. But once again, that's a reason why I need to push the gas and it and so it's like a major like been a major thorn for me. Why doesn't happen just because I'm just so undisciplined, bro. I find myself I like a lot of things to I'm addicted to dopamine whether it be travel whether it be women whether it be new food. I mean, you see me. I'm all over the world. I'm 200 flights a year. I don't spend any time in Los Angeles, which is where I need to be to like really focus on the project because that's where all the teams are in the infrastructure. I'm just always moving around. I'm just doing stuff that shouldn't be doing. I just need to be to get more disciplined because I want to go back to the thing you said about about me and like this the the idea and just an overarching idea of like, you know, the Tate era like this is just to push up sobbing a pussy get money basically, right? There is a weird about a little bit truth to that hundred percent because I can look back on my life and Sorry, how do I how do I preface this the reason why it's weird is because you know, I was I was young when when I like my shit happened in my life and I don't still to this day. I can't recognize where I made like a conscious decision to use it for good and not for bad like what happened to me the trauma piece the thing that we're talking about obviously my father at a young age. I I don't know there was like it because I can tell a kid now yo do this focus on this focus on that go to the gym challenge yourself. Try to learn something new. Try to get better. I could say that when I was the kid and it happened to me. I don't know why I was different than my brother for example, who the same thing happened to him. He's a year older and he took it in a completely different direction in his life. Now the outcomes of our lives are obviously completely different. His life's great. Now I get to eat. I took him a long longer time to get like I got kind of okay with the situation. I sort of like enveloped myself in the gym and like these communities that allowed me to have that feeling that I didn't have from my father, but I still can't there was no moment where I was like, oh, I'm making this conscious conscious decision to use it for good and not for bad. And so that's why it's weird when we have these conversations around like, yo, just, you know, focus on yourself and push ups and gym and do all the good stuff, right? Because I had no direction. It was just like I I just did it because maybe that's what just made me feel better or what it's what allowed me to avoid the actual problem. So like I was doing something that I didn't know was going to turn out to be great for me now because it's amazing for me now and it built my whole life from it now. But when I was in it, I was just avoiding it. And I was just trying to feel better about myself. So it's a weird there's a weird thing because you're right. You're absolutely right. Trauma is a real thing. You can't you can never say that's fake and that's not real because that's like also scientifically proven. It's real. You can't say hundreds of you. Yeah, and then even trauma that we go through we have a kid and it trauma lives in our sperm and it's a part of our children like that's a real thing that also science has proven. So there is real tangible evidence to show that like that stress the cortisol go. It's a part of you. It's real and then the conversation like you talk about the take conversation around like, you know, depression isn't real or sneak. Go say do some push-ups, whatever. Fine. Shouts. The oh, yes. I love snico. So all that can be funny if he's quickly. It's funny like because what he's another person that like what he says like I just take that out of it and I just simply look at how he is in real life and it's it's such a it's such a situation because mean it, you know, me and him used to spar. Yeah, like online all the time like we would get into it and now like when I go to New York, I'll hit him up because I've hung out with him in real life and it's that's like that's like the one thing quickly not to like move too far off the topic. If I is just like how do we present ourselves as the as like the right in the right way for the audience to truly know us and understand dude, like, you know how I am outside of these podcasts like I'm dude. I'm I all I'm willing to do is like help anybody if you call me you cut your finger off. You want to get here you want to do this. I'm go go out of my way to help anybody whether it's a person on the street, whether it's you whatever like that just truly who I am like I'm just a nice good kind person and it's like trying to present that is not always easy for me. You know what I'm saying? Like we internet. Yeah, I think it's just hard to really like it's not always easy to present your like true authentic self because especially with a lot of the subject matter in the topics we talked about. But it's funny because Nico's actually like super nice and in real life. You know what I'm saying? Like he's just like a normal is normal. Like I see him out like I'll see him out. He's at I'll see my little sister. You're like he's just out. Yeah, he's a good dude. He's a good. Yeah. Anyways, there is there is a lot of truth in that tate doctrine. It's just the way that is presented isn't isn't accurate. Isn't it? So yeah, it's not its entirety. Here's why because the things that he provides as you not doing them is the catalyst for your mental issues. That's wrong. So you just so you're not you're not suffering from intrusive thoughts and OCD and and and and and severe anxiety or depression or severe depression to a point where like you just don't want to be on this planet anymore simply because you're not lifting enough weight or you're not eating the right foods, but those things are incredible incredible coping mechanisms for the issues. Does that make sense? Right? Yeah. So so for me and this is where he's spot on the gym cardio working out save my life getting that energy that nasty morning negative energy out of my system by going to the gym saved my existence on his hands down. Yeah without the gym. I'm it's over for sure. So and I'm sure you can say the same thing about yourself hundred percent eating better, you know, whether it's peptides or or or healthy relationships with other people all the things that he preaches they're not there. The lack of those things are not the rationale and the catalyst for your mental illness, but they are the ways that you can help treat it. Yeah, right. So like dude like there's no evidence to prove at all that hating the gym every day in a very regimented approach eating Good proteins vegetables getting the right amount of sleep every single day for an extended period of time is going to help you process the fact that your father killed him killed himself or or the nine years of severe severe substance abuse and and and truck endless amounts of trauma that I saw with my eyes and felt with my body. It's not going to do it. It's not going to cure it. There's only certain proven tactics after hundreds of years of scientific research that actually works on that stuff and that is unpacking and re negotiating with yourself how you process and and how you how you interpret that trauma how you decide to interpret that trauma. That's like that there's consider it four steps. I was just talking with Logan about this the other day. We have these other times of conversation. We have offline. We should have more on the podcast to be honest. There's there's sensory the first step of everything is sensory input. What did I see feel smell here? Whatever right? That's how from a human existence standpoint. That's our first data point. You had to see or feel or somehow ingest the fact that your father killed himself. You had to do that like as a kid you had to do that. It was presented to you in a sensory way. The next thing that you had to do was deal with the feeling step 2 is the feeling that that admitted you had very little power over that as especially as a kid but in life in general a feeling is generally can can happen very quickly that feeling the pain of your stomach or your heart dropping or that feeling. Yeah, but step 3 is the is a true intervention point and that is how do we decide to interpret that trauma and continue to play that out in our minds in a way that is healthy for us. Yeah, go back to the thing you said about working out. There is actual science evidence that shows training consistently heavy like actually working out does actually help you forget trauma. There is actual evidence of that what to what like a purpose some percentage or semblance. I don't I don't know exactly the figures. I said, it's certainly I'm not saying it's only way. I'm not saying it's only way but it can't but it's not a cure either. No, there's no no, no, no, you're right. The bigger cure is like, yeah, the the altering your perception about it. But that's what I was saying when I was a kid like there was no one. No one showed me or taught me to alter my perception in a way that allowed me to like stick and be in the gym. I was just trying to avoid my first thought was like, let me avoid these feelings. Let me avoid these thoughts and ran away and that the only way that I could do that. Honestly was the gym and video games was non-stop video. If I wasn't video games was at the gym. If I was at the gym, I was playing video games and that was it just allowed me to escape and then I was like, oh, I actually just really enjoy this stuff. So I just stuck with it. But I guess I'm just saying like I'm grateful that I did something without knowing that I was like doing it and that's the interesting thing now. I mean, obviously as a kid, you don't know enough anyways, but for people now trying to deal with things. It's like it is that simple, but obviously it's not that simple, but it is as simple as like, where's your where's your thought a hundred percent of the day? Where is it? Majority of the day. We're like, that's your thought. That's really the biggest thing. Yeah, where's your thought travel to because the thing that's also I was reading about this as well. Like and I've even talked about this on my show plenty of times, but the idea of intention and like making your life what it is is happening a hundred percent of the day no matter what whether you're aware of or not. Can I play a quick clip? Yeah, yeah. So whether you're going like, yo, I want to be better at this like in your mind, you could hear it and you're saying it and you're going I want to be better at the gym. I want to be stronger. I'm going to be stronger. I am stronger like or you're not saying that whatever that like underlying sort of inner monologue is it's real. It's dictating your life. The only person that thinks in your mind and you create your experiences and just for this moment. I want you to catch the thought you're thinking right now and ask yourself is it negative or is it positive or is it neutral? Do you want this thought to create your future? Now because we think so quickly and the thoughts just go whizzing through our minds. It's not always so easy to begin changing our thoughts. You can start by editing your speech begin to listen to what you say and don't say anything that you don't want to become true for you. There are literally billions of thoughts that you can think and infinite numbers of things that you can say make these be nourishing thoughts big thoughts that create nourishing experiences for you. I mean, bro, like since I was a kid since I was a kid. All the way through my addiction all the way through my use all the way through every piece of trauma. I've dealt with my life all the way till right as I sat on this couch. Not a single day has ever gone by where my thoughts were majority positive. Never never never a single day of my entire existence on this planet as far back as I can remember. They've always been. Less than this person doesn't trust you. This person thinks you're stupid. You're not good enough that breaking that cycle as an 18 year old as a 24 year old as a 38 year old as a 40 year old when you've lived 40 years of that internal dialogue cycling, which has now been in which has now been compounded and made 80 times worse by by the comparison that you make daily when you look at other people's lives is such a hard fucking cycle to break, bro. Yeah, it is. It is. It is. It seems so monstrous of an idea to even make it through 30 minutes, let alone an entire day and my mind has and and I fear will be a month has always been a monster. It is a it is a terrible place and it does not allow me to feel proud. It does not allow me to feel content. It doesn't allow me to feel safe. It doesn't allow me to feel comfortable in any situation around any person. It's just not how I'm it's not how I'm wired and and that has been you ask about not doing shows you ask about not having kids. That is all I know of life is fight-or-flight. It's the only thing I know. It's the only thing I know is trauma is is that when I walk out that door something bad is going to happen to me because that's how my life has been and I've been very very blessed. I've been very blessed but for some reason and this is why it goes back to it does not matter how much I put up in the gym. It doesn't matter if I do 245 to 95 until I start to address that trauma and start to really unpack why the things happen to me that happened to me when I was 1614 when I watched my dad beat the fuck out of you know what I'm saying or my mom do this thing or smash his windshield or this up and why I had to have organs removed and why I had to have rods put in my femur why almost bled out three different times and why I was always in court and why I was almost OD and why I lost all my friends to overdose and to jail and all of the things I've seen my entire life and it still go to today which with the things, you know about what happened at my last house and the things that I continue to go through. That's all my mind knows all my mind knows is chaos and I'm just always thinking in that way and so not not to make it a thing like that but until you really start to figure out how to intervene in that loop you're stuck in it. It's like prison for me. I wake up every day in prison. You know what I'm saying? Whether I'm free man or not whether I have money or not whether I go to the gym or not. That's truly how I feel. It's how I felt my whole it's how I felt my entire life dude. Well, I have a girlfriend whether I have a business partner. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter what I'm doing. I'm always on edge. I relate to that. I do heavily and even when I think about my life doing the good things that I did like, you know succeeding in the gym succeeding at these feats of strength like making dope videos doing all this cool shit. The inner monologue was always like I have to prove that I'm good enough because I don't feel like I'm good enough and it was the same thing every day even as I was getting better even as I was getting stronger even as I was getting better at content better at all the things I better at better at anything the underlying thing was I'm not good enough. But I guess my question to you after everything you just said is have you seen a shift at all? Have you seen a change at all? Yeah, I think through I think through. Credible victory in life incredible success you depth dude, like I it's so to say this it's definitely gotten better. Does that make sense? Like I've definitely I've definitely started to feel a little bit better. And by the way, like, you know, when people ask you like, are you happy like when somebody says to you like, are you happy Are you happy with where things are or even like when somebody says this person is a genius nuance obviously something the internet just doesn't get but you can be very happy in one aspect of your life and very sad in another, you know what I'm saying? So to just say I'm happy. I'm grateful every day. I'm grateful every single day. I'm gotta be one of the most blessed people on this planet dude to still be here and to be able to sit here and have these have the things that I have and I'm so thankful to God and to my mom and to the people that I've had in my life. But I would say I've gotten better at some things and then some things I'm still running from like it's like it's like dude like after this when my when when these relationships fail, bro. It's it's it puts me into a hole, bro, like a really bad hole because even though it's always me doing it and me pulling the plug on it and me walking away from it, like it always has been it just feels like another failure. It just feels like another thing that I couldn't do good enough and that's not always the case and like for people watching this who are having trouble in the relationships like this is that's been a theme for me like over the past like maybe not right now, but like maybe like four months ago, like, you know, I was calling you and like was really in a bad spot just because like I just couldn't make it work. It's not about like wrong person for you or you're the wrong person for them. It's just the wrong people for each other. Like that's really what it is and you can make a little changes you can you can do your best to like become a better person and so on and so forth. But there's just a lot of times in life where it's just not the right fit. You know what I'm saying? And so and so all this to say like I've learned a lot about myself and I feel like I'm in a much better place, but I still do live a lot of my life based on the living in like a state of like fear like fear slash slash anxiety, you know, all the stuff that I've been through. It's interesting. You say it's not the right person and everything in everything you just said right there right right after that was you like you and I'm not saying you're the wrong person but in this case you you were being the wrong person for yourself just like I've been the wrong person for myself. Oh, yeah for sure. But but there are there are people and you truly have to believe this there are people out there who will present themselves in a way that really Provides a place of calm for you as opposed to more more anxiety like dude like both of my past relationships have just been really rocky and like fiery and just like there will be someone out there who provides for you. Calm and peace but here's the interesting part right? You're right. You're absolutely right. But it's your choice of that person is your choice of seeing what it is 100% no, no, no. Yeah, for sure. And but you know the heart loves it. I mean, it's it's you know, this this last one I just fell in love very quickly and I don't regret any of it. I don't I don't regret any of it dude. It just it just I should have noticed that there were incompatibilities much earlier than I did and it was like even with the whole world telling me that they existed. It's the heart wants what it wants. You know what I'm saying? And I and I and I wanted to Adjust and edit but at the end of the day, it's like dude, it's it's a puzzle, you know, and you've got to find the person that really fits with your puzzle and my puzzle is a complex one and there's travel and there's you know, a lot of uncertainty and there's always girls around and and obviously when I'm in a relationship, I they all I'm done with all of them and I don't talk to any of them and You know all of my exes have my password to my phone, you know, like I have no problem with that. Like there's nothing to hide. You know what I'm saying? But but it just it just seems like It's just going to take a little bit of a complex person in themselves to handle this dude, because it's a lot and I and I have and I do still have a lot of growth. I have a lot of growing up to do don't get me wrong. Like I really do like I'm and I'm working on it in some ways. So I'm not but I'm not super worried about it, you know, but long like going back to what we're talking about, like I'm happy in some areas and I feel more confident in some areas, which was the question you asked me. I do feel better than any any places and yeah, like the career world being able to come and sit here and have a podcast with you and not be sweating like you never when I used to come here and I just sweat because I was so fearful and nervous and like just that cortisol just like rushing through me and now I go on I can go on TV or anything now. And yeah, I remember even pause the podcast once you're like, oh, we take a minute and funny. I did sweat really bad at Logan's wedding. It was I mean, it was 150 degrees there. But I had to officiate in front of all the people and it was a lot. It was a it was like a nervous. Where was my invite? What? You guys need to you guys need to catch up. Wash squash some shit, you know, I'd love to I got to come still got to come on that podcast. I remember we were. Yeah, I know we need to do that. We need to I mean, bro. Now it's so chill. I mean, he's he's a very different person. He's got a kid now and you know, and wife and it's I don't know, man. It's it's the weight of this existence is can be gruesome at times man. It really it really can but it's it but it is such a beautiful thing and it's just such a blessing to be able to live here. And I think now I think now like I've really just started to feel more. I think I think letting go. That's the key is just such a powerful thing and just really just whatever it is you believe in like for me, it's God and Jesus Christ and praying to God, you know a couple times a day and being thankful for the things I'm so lucky to be blessed with and and everything else is just going to go the way it goes dude and it's and it's crazy. It's like do we take how do you how do you ever really truly feel even even in the presence of God comfortable, you know, in this in this just unimaginable thing that we live which is this world that's going to end and it's all going to go away at one point and our loved ones are and it's just it's heavy. It's heavy. Shit. Yeah, I don't think I don't think you're supposed to get to a place of just like pure bliss or no, but I know I'm on the way other side. Yeah, like I know you can get close to a point where you're content and somewhat peaceful about your day to day and but all but all it's all just you know, a lot of it to the Tate era point is the decisions we make and how we cope and this thing is is as bad as it gets bro. It's not helping you. It's not it's not helping you find clearer thoughts. It's not helping you find nourishing thoughts. It's it's nasty work. It's comparative. It's have you been able to step away from that more when I travel sometimes I do and when I find myself in the presence of people, but a lot of times I come back and he's really nasty like dopamine drop-offs after these trips and I find myself alone in my apartment for you know, a long time and it's not good, you know, like I just get and just nasty nasty like cycles even though I'll go to the gym and like I'll see people on and off but like a lot of the day will be just be about myself, you know, yeah, which is you know, it's practice. It's just practice dude, you know, you got to get better at just controlling those those thoughts, you know, yeah. I just wonder if we ever come back on this pod and you have a conversation where you're like, yeah, I figured it out. I guess you don't really figure it out. I think that's you don't really figure it out. You get better. You get better and better, you know, and and it's like it's like I think I think now I've gotten to a point to where I think I spent so many years like so scared of like the fall off and it's like for all of us. It's like dude, it's your business. Of course, you're thinking about it now. Like I think I think you are worried about it for two reasons one because it's it's your business and you want to make money and support your lifestyle. But then two is that ego. That's basically saying like, oh, like I became irrelevant or whatever and I think for me like and for yourself as well getting to a point where you're like a decade deep. Yeah, eight years a decade deep in like, oh, I can put out a video tomorrow and get a million views on it or my last tick-tock got 7 million. You know what I'm saying? And you've watched every wave of creator come and go. You've watched a hundred waves of creators come and go you eventually get to a point where that second one kind of goes away. You're like, dude, I did this. I did this thing. I personally unlike you had some great help for especially in the early years. All my night shift stuff is completely separate from that. I mean, we do content occasionally but like a lot of the other work I do has been a spawn of some of it, but I know how hard I've worked. I know how talented I am in the space and I feel good at this point about the fact that really any of it could go away and reinvent something else. I wouldn't feel like I failed. Does that make sense? Yeah, we've just been on for too long. We've done too many multimillionaire show multi-million view shows on every person's platform. We've done so many commentary gigs and tick-tocks and Instagram campaigns and brand deals and it's just this feels I feel like if I had to walk away from the internet tomorrow because I was going to go into movies and producing or business like we haven't even had this yet that I could do it and I wouldn't be I wouldn't feel like I failed anything. I knew this was coming by the way. I waited so long. He does not even have to be on. Have you tried yet? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They said I get I had upset at you. Yeah, I believe so or Tom Tom did it's it's it's a people really like it. It's like Pop Rocks to me. It's also like a funny crystal. Oh, wait, it's really do it. It's funny because it's funny that it's your product and the crystal breath thing like the math, you know. Oh, yeah, it is great. And zinc activated. So it actually cleans your mouth and I think zinc is good for your load. So if you sleep just give it to sauce. Good for a lot of stuff. My lawyer. Yeah, where who came up with the idea of the Pop Rocks? It's all it's all a product of this dude, Chris and and like and also a bigger question. Yeah, little disrespecting. What did I get involved in? Equity side. Yeah, why why no one because it started because it started at just three creators. It was just it was just me Aiden and banks. That was it. Okay, and then it started to like steamroll out into like MGK and Yadi now just did our Amazon commercial and we just had a call with ways today and like there's a lot of like bigger like more like celebrity creators that are coming on now, but a lot of people did get the ability to like buy in you. I you probably still could put a little bit of money in knowing him. No, I just saw I got some it move fast, bro. It's it's dominating on TikTok shop dominating like I mean, dude, I can't I don't even know how much it sold. It sold million like millions of dollars, bro. It's actually doing really well fucking stub me like Prime dude, you could dude you still get involved. Why don't you get involved in 1010 burger instead? Ten ten burgers finally got we got some lease. Oh, I think we're going to Miami. Aren't you opening in Miami? What's the timeline? Something like six months now. Yeah, so so probably around the same time will probably opening both. We're gonna be a wind would I was gonna go to win would but the burgers are already already there. Really? There's already like four burgers there. There's skinny Louise cow. We yeah, we went there opening. Yeah, we did the skinny. We're gonna review my Jim's like down the street. That's a good it's a it's a great burger. Great. It was a great burger. I think I think they there you've had 1010, right? Yeah. Yeah, I had it at the pier. Yeah, it was fucking good. Yeah. Oh, yeah, you had it on the SLS day. Yeah, just snubby. It's just snubbing me, dude. What the fuck, man, bro. We're not the same. You I would expect to be more mad at like a knell or something you got your so close to everything. Yeah, but you're so closely aligned with them. Me banks and Aiden doing something together made sense because we've done so much shit together in the past. Now the business is not be they told me for like six months. I was gonna be a part of that then just dipped. Bro, you really want to be in some Jewish own car. What the fuck? I mean, bro, you never know. Like they run everything. You know, you're stupid. Oh my God. That that was funny. That was a good job. It was a good job. I mean, I just felt as I felt this her way because I was like a part of it earlier on. I was like, what the it is what it is, man. Dude, none of it will be we'll see who even exits like honestly, bro. It's like it's like. The only company that's had an exit so far has been a lot of you like other than that, like I don't think anyone else is even really like no one's really made money. It's not like somebody's had like a huge like exit. Yeah, a lot of the same people own Prime. Obviously. Yeah, they own a bunch of different shit. But I guess kind of on the on the nothing a little bit. What was your response to that? The net Yahoo thing? I'm trying to go back to the whole Jews thing, but it's not it's not about that. It's not about that. But I saw a clip where you guys were supposed to have not supposed to have we got the offer to do it. So who offered I don't know. It was the idea. No, I don't know who it was truthfully because I just got a text message in our chat. That was like like. Do we want to do Net Yahoo interview in DC on this day and the and the and the feedback in the group chat was like, are you kidding me? No, dude, we're not doing that show. Like what it's just from a from a optic standpoint. There's just no way to win that because you're just platforming someone that should not have that level of platform right now. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? And I mean, Nelk learned the hard way like I'm so happy. We didn't do that. No, it's insane, dude. I mean, maybe they had the right, you know, sentiment and rationale to doing it. But but okay, the only way you're doing that show right now is if you are like if Nick had him on. Yeah, because then you have someone who's like vehemently on the opposing side and make it a debate and really dig into them and be like, dude, why the fuck are you doing this? Why are you not letting aid in? Why are you not letting journalists in like asking the real questions or at least like what's your plan for those things? Like really like asking the right question. That would be an insane interview to see Nick and Benjamin Net yahoo talk. That'd be one of the craziest that would break. You would never do it. No, it never happened. Nick would do it, but he would never do it. But I thought it was I thought it was insane, dude. We didn't even get to we didn't get to cover any like pop culture shit today, which I don't mind that actually makes me happy because we talked about like serious shit and I'm sure the pop culture stuff. You've already heard every breakdown on it's like, you know about all the beef with aid in and banks and phase and like I would assume you have have heard about all that stuff like the viewbot stuff. The view, but stuff like X you see like all that. It's like it's like I was I mean, I got to I get to see it from a you know, the aid in and bank stuff from a super high level and really like understand like what's going on there and a lot of crazy shit has happened. I didn't know enough about that because I saw it but I was not I'm not obviously not involved in any of it, but I didn't see what actually it just seemed like it's just like dude. It's just like a lot. I think there's just always a lot of misunderstanding between creators and it and unless you have like and a lot of creators are really young and so unless you have like the skill set to be able to like navigate these like intricate webs of like, you know, like there was like money involved in crypto and you know this coin and all these other crypto influencers and I think a lot of it got spun out of proportion. Yeah, I think a lot of it got like misunderstood and spun out of proportion and and just didn't make sense and then Yeah, chicken Big Mac happen and like there's a lot of you know, and I'm thinking about me like my whole circle around me is like, yeah, you know, Aidan's going through banks is going through a Tavs even somehow getting smoked for chicken Big Mac. Like, yeah, it was just a lot bro. That was a right. I was looking around me and I'm like, bro, everyone's like because they all day a lot. They always call me. They always call me. I'm the first caller like yo, can you get X Y and Z on the phone get this person this person phones fix this now? They always want me to everybody always wants me to act as like the intermediary that has the conversation happen. So you start to get out of line. I'm going to cut you off and be like, yo, let him talk. You know what I'm saying? I've done a thousand of those over the years. Happened, you know, I mean, it depends on which one it's like, it's like, I mean, Todd, you know, happened. I mean, that was just some silly. It's like, no, but that one was up to because down to because it seemed like Kai pulled that one out as in an effort to find something against Aidan to that's what I that's how I recognize bro. It happened a year before and and like they're not a nowhere like it becomes something that you just want to make a big deal about. Oh, yeah, I'm not in an industry by the way, where all those dudes say it. I'm not just I'm not justifying what happened, but I'm just saying, you know how those those kids are all crazy. They all say the shit. Yeah, it is. You know what I'm saying? They say what they say like they're all there. The streaming industries says all kinds of what it looked like. It looked like a way for Aidan to for Kai to avoid Aidan basically and avoid the conversation about why he was like curving them or whatever. Right. But the MLG thing, I didn't understand this whole like banks. I don't know. I think it was I think it was miscommunication. I don't think and I think truthfully like looking back. I think Aidan kind of jumped the gun and made some statements that he then had to like be like, okay, like it at least this is this is what I took from it that he then went back and was just like, okay, like maybe this didn't happen. You know what I'm saying? And I don't know. It's still it's still really confusing me. And it's the reason why like I don't touch anything related to crypto. Yeah, it's just too unregulated. I just don't want to touch it. You know, it's like you don't hold any crypto. No, I hold crypto. Yeah, old big coins. Yeah, but great the basketball. We submit phenomenal. Yeah, I hold Bitcoin Ethereum and XR. I only have eat. So for me the past think about what is done in the past. Yeah, loving it. Yeah, you know, have any XRP nothing. I don't play in any of those any of those shits, bro. It's then I mean, I wish I did because I people have made generational wealth and especially like the memes and all that shit. It's been great for people, but I think XRP is next up. I know. Well, they had a bunch of regulation success and it looks like they're going to be able to, you know, it looks like they're going to be able to do something. I don't know what it is. I don't even talk about crypto and podcast anymore. No, well, actually you can now. Now you could really do anything you want, but here's a thing. This whole like crime is legal like thing. That's that's what they say in the crypto world now, like with this the new administration. It's like a joke. It's like this thing they called safe crime is legal as in the rug pull as in anything because like there was a time where you couldn't do anything and the SEC was on everybody's ass over everything and everyone was getting fine. Then Trump comes in drops Trump coin drops millennia, Melania coin goes out and basically is like, bro, the leader of the free world dropped a meme coin. Yeah, okay, so I couldn't believe that. That was insane insane. So then this thing crime is legal was born all the SEC charges on everybody got drunk and so but the problem with crime and crime is legal is a new administration is eventually going to come in. So so I still don't trust crime is legal because now people are doing shit under the assumption that the current administration rule is going to exist for a long time. But if you get a new leadership in four years and they decide Hey, we're going to go prosecute in retrospect like people are going to be. Yeah, so I don't even talk about it. Yeah, it could happen. It's bro. A lot of the people that got in early crypto were on laws that don't even exist that dead and especially didn't exist when they were doing the shit like like criminality happens in retrospect. They'll they'll create laws and be like you broke this law that didn't exist at the time at the time and they'll come after you for it. I don't even know how you could even try that though. It's insane. I'm telling you bro. This is like really crazy early like crypto like not early but like talk about like 2018-2019 where people are just doing whatever because the SEC was still undecided on if you know, and if teas were a security or if crypto is a security or if or if meme coins were security all these things were still so undecided in gray area and Wild West, but then they out of nowhere just decided like hey, well, this is the law now and you broke it five years ago. That's nuts though. I think that's what it's but it's how it works. So it's crazy. So it's like this whole like crime is legal thing is scares me a little bit because a lot of these people were out there like flexing meme coins like pumping mean coins with their large audiences. If in four years like even if they come back and say yo Trump what you did was major violation. He would get pardoned because he was a president maybe but all these other dudes who launched these little coins and show them on their Twitter and by the way actually made money because that's a huge part of it. Yeah, like these people made millions of millions of dollars unlike people who just around and nothing happened. You know what I'm saying? Like there's a chance that they will get prosecuted in the future. That's you know, so it's like prosecution. Do you think did you see the whole thing with rampages 100% do you think they're going to pressure us against him? I think they should unless this is the biggest work of all time and it was fake which we know it wasn't now. It was the most it was one of the worst things that I've seen on the internet. One of the worst things I've ever seen on the internet. Yeah, it was an hour. There's a there there you you've got this guy. It looks like he was he was asked into this wrestling sphere. Okay based on who he was and whose father is and what he fights, right? Yeah, too. Yeah. He gets hit in the head with a can in what seems like either a plan or even if it was unplanned he gets hit in the head with an empty. I've been hit in the head with full glass bottles to a point where I'm bleeding all over the place stitches all the way down my head on you know, I've got pictures. I posted them before I'm soaked in blood. If that person then came and was yelling in my face and I did what he did to that guy to him. I still should be a felony arrested for it. Yeah, bro. You can't just pummel someone unconscious and then not stop. This was an hour after the fact when you had a full hour to come down from this little tap which didn't knock him down didn't affect him. He's having a conversation about it. The guy apologized sure you want to smack the shit out of him even if even if he got in the ring and knocked the dude out and the dude was unconscious and they walked away different story. Yeah, but to have someone unconscious and pummel them to a point where they are bleeding and basically on the verge of death. There's no there's no way to excuse that if you if the state doesn't prosecute that that's a that's a malfunction of the state and he doesn't you don't need anyone to press charges. The guy doesn't have to really know I thought I thought the organization or he would not have charges once you have once you have video evidence of someone doing that the state can press assault charges. It depends on the state. I'm sure yeah, but but no you don't need you don't need anybody to say I want to or don't want to put yet. No, no shot. Yeah. I mean you could look it up but I'm almost positive you do not need the fucking victim to come forward to press charges. The state will just it'll be the state versus you. Yeah, the thing that I think I mean the whole I want to press charges on top. Look at this. What the happen? He's dude. He like punch the shit out of me with his hand is like, you know when someone really hooks you with their knuckles going looking to tour by I know I know I do bruise a little bit easy. I'm not gonna lie. No, like you like no, it's fine. It's fine. Yeah, I bruise easy. He really you know, when someone really gets you with their knuckles and you're not expecting it, so you're not flexing. You're not ready for it. Yeah, like he came around the side and just drilled me bro. Oh, he needs to get on the brand risk. Or like what he hit really hard. I'm not gonna lie. Oh boy, look at your shit. Like I'm not kidding. Like that looks like a torn shoulder and it went distal. It's fine. Oh, but then all this down here is from cop some of this from copying. I'm copying on my no, I know that I'm talking about that bad black and blue. I know damn top got. Eater on all the fun. He hit me hard. I was just standing there. We're at his party the other night as birthday party and he just I don't know what he was doing. He just hit me hard and big map literally really chicken Big Mac really and I do banks was watching. It was the funniest thing ever. I took I had the fifth fight on my hand because I was like talking to somebody about it and I took both hands on it as hard as I humanly could and smashed him in the face with it. His glasses went flying like the whole but he won the war because I got this bruise, bro. I don't know what happened but but anyways. He dude, he's got to be prosecuted. He has to be prosecuted. There's no excuse for it. You put the dude in almost into a coma. Yeah, his dad. They're turning into a race thing. You want to have a statistical conversation about the races involved and go have it. I don't I don't care to be involved in the conversation. I mean, I'm like, I don't know you want to get into social economics and per capita and all that shit then go have the conversation. But as far as this thing is concerned, that dude really up he really up and it sucks because maybe he's not a horrible person, but he had a horrible lapse in judgment and he's going to have to now learn his lesson through the penalty of law and it sucks for his dad because dad his dad doesn't deserve it. Yeah, is that such a good dude man? Yeah, rampage. Yeah, I've met him a number of times. I talked to he definitely does not deserve this and people coming at rampage or scumbags. Yeah, I mean if you want to bring up the like how like you want to bring up how he was raised me or something like that you want to have that conversation in a respectful way like or even ask questions like did you encourage this type of behavior? Like is there anything you could have done differently? I don't know in some long form setting down the line. Sure, but to just attack him and and and and and try to bury him as a result of what his son did imagine if people did that to my parents, you know what I'm saying? Like that's fuck super. So that was horrible, bro. Yeah. Yeah, I couldn't I couldn't believe it. I one moment. I was like, I thought it wasn't even real at one point. No, that's what I thought too. I thought it was like a work like I thought they were just doing it because at some of the shots missed. Yeah on the beard. Yeah, but he connected on enough of them. It was it was it was nasty work, bro. Yeah, it's it seemed to me. It just was probably like like you mentioned it died off. It, you know, was an hour. It's like an hour after he said, sorry, it's probably he's reading the chat chats. Like, oh, you know, you're gonna let him get you down like that. You know, and I'm punk you like that. Yeah, like he just fell into the and all the kids watching it applaud. We're probably so happy that that happened. Yeah, and we're so pushing for that to happen and now get to go and sit at their house and jerk off and goon and watch fucking more streams. Well, he now goes and does prison time because they rile people up and that's the danger of the stream. I'm broke. He I did an IRL with snico and it was fantastic, but I loved it really felt good like me being on the streets, bro, like the amount of interactions I have dude, like I so many people come up. I go up to so many people. I would crush IRL, but I do not like that community. I do not like that that space. I think it's the most I've been doing a lot of no, no, no, no, no, I like doing it on other people streams, especially, but I think it's the most toxic and and and the viewers of that very. Yeah. Yeah, it's I mean, they're kids. Yeah, it's a 1418 community. They don't they do not understand the things that I say first and foremost. They just don't they don't understand. They don't even know what the word empathy means. They don't understand it. Don't understand perspective. They don't understand any of that shit. It's just out the window, but you could teach it to them. No, I can't I can't dude. I'm telling you I can't they're just too young. They're just too young. They want to watch Aiden eat his toenails and fucking talk about gooning to Breckie Hill and shit. I can't dude. I can't it's I'm too old, bro. If I was 26 maybe but I'm just too it's the problem is I do love it. It's so sick. Like when I was when I go out on IRLs, it's so sick. Yeah, like I see girls, you know, girls talk to me and see you go ask them to rate me and we do this thing and that thing and just like so fun to me, but it's just like having that always on eyeball and you have to be consistent streaming. You have to that's the name of the game. Yeah, yeah, I don't love it. I just have too much other shit outside of social media going on so much business movies Doc's impact work. Like I don't I don't care. I have 500,000 or 400,000 on Twitch like I can go fire back up. Crystal breath crystal breath. She stubbed me on I got a stubby bad question. Ask what I'm doing a movie night tonight with a bunch of girls. They asked if you want to come to like, dude, I'm literally I'm flying at four in the morning. So awesome because I have a theater at my new place like at my new building that I moved into and it's sick and you could like rent it out and it's sick bro. So you could like rent the theater out. Maybe I'll pull all nighter. I'm just throwing it out there dude, even though I probably girls like seven maybe just you and seven girls. I think I might have to have come to potentially just kind of even the ratio. Dude, I don't know bro. That's just no way. Let me ask you about your is real quick because like I don't understand you get on podcast about like my life is fucking crazy. I'm like, I can't figure my shit out. This is nuts. But then you have seven chicks. What do you mean? I can't figure my bro. The only thing I've ever been good at is is girls. I know. What do you think being good at girls is that's fair? That's the whole part of it. You know what I'm saying? Like people say like, oh, no, it's because he has money, dude. Like trust me. I don't have that much money. I have some money, but there's a reason why they get off the yacht to come hang out with me on a little boat. You know what I'm saying? Like dude, like I'm a very very fun and very very plugged in person who can make you know, who knows how to have a good time and curate a good time. I mean, you saw the abiza trip. Yeah, the trip was a trip of the summer. I don't care who you're comparing it to what person you're comparing it to. We had three. We spent $700,000. So unless you were really willing to come and drop major capital, we went insane there. We had three. We had three Villas that were all 60 to 80,000 euros a piece. We had two boats. We had four different chefs. We had security. We had fans. Me and like five or six dudes that are like a couple of members from rich families and just like top came. That was the trip of a lifetime. Like honestly, but you didn't drop the money. They dropped the money. No, we all did. We all threw it. I didn't throw. There was one kid that threw in more than everyone. I probably threw in like 30 or 40 racks. Fair. Probably this summer has been an expensive one. The wedding was expensive too because I flew my mom out first class. I had girls come first class. Like that was like another like 15 grand. It's been a really expensive wedding for because I got a plus two. I didn't want to plus one. So I asked for a plus two and he was like, that's fine. So then I got them their own room at Villa de Este. You bought two girls or was your mom and a girl? No, my mom and two girls. Yeah, well, the mom doesn't count. That's no, but I also do. I don't know the most messed up part about it. Truthfully, the most messed up part about it. I literally had like maybe five minutes of time with them. Like all the other guys at the wedding just hung out with them because I truthfully we got there. I got him settled in a room and then literally just started working. I officiated the wedding. I am see the wedding. I attend to burger. I had my mom there. I we did a pod a full three hour podcast on the last day of the wedding. Like I didn't even get a chance to talk to him and that's that was one of the moments where I really realized that I waste way too much money on dumb on stupid shit because dude flying them in their room was four grand like Graham Stefan asked me on like the podcast. I do them. He's like, how much would you say you usually spend on a first day? And I thought about I was like, dude, it could be any it could I don't even know like it depends on which date it is like it's like some of them are expensive. But would you would you consider flying two girls? No, there is not a day. Absolutely not. I haven't been on a date and I don't remember the last time I was on a date. It's all just experiences, bro. Yeah, so to so to the point of the viewer. Some of it is money. Some of it is money because technically like some of the times like we're bringing people out. Yeah, but like tonight it's like watching a movie, you know, with the seven. Yeah, I feel like it's like almost like a Pills area thing, but I'm not but I'm not hooking up. I'm not hooking up with all of them. No, not all and I'm not. I know some of them all of them some of them. Oh, well, nice young. We'll see what happens, bro. But I'm also try I truthfully have been trying to take some strides to it's so it's so dumb and like I'll talk about it with you and like a joking thing of how dumb it is. But like I have been trying to take some strides to like not glorify it because it's so it's it's fun. Don't get me wrong, but it's just like so. It's all listen. I don't know. It's weird because dude a lot because I'm friends with all the girls and they're all really cool. You know what I'm saying? So there is an aspect of it. That's like that's just like friendship and fun and just like having cool people around, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah, I get it. I get it. I mean you live your life how you want to live your life man. I think it's wrong. I don't know what I'm doing. Yeah. Okay. I have no idea what I'm doing. Okay, truthfully and I do have to go because it's nine. No, it's fine. I can talk to you for hours. You already know that I love being on the show. I love you. I love your audience guys go out there grab some breath. That's yeah. Oh, yeah. And and thanks. Thanks for having me back on bro. Anytime you want me to drive an hour and a half. I'll come down here and everyone message Mike ask him why he still hasn't given Brad any any points there make it will make it happen. We'll make it happen. You gonna Mike may lack me for like Prime. I'm not gonna do that too. But never Brad not gonna do it. I'll give you some money, bro. Let's talk about it. We'll talk about it after the show. I like the product. I do actually it's nice. I do. All right. I love you guys every Tuesday. I'll see you guys next week. Thank you Mike for coming on. Appreciate your brother. Peace everybody. Yeah.