I remember the first time somebody said to me during an interview that something or other was demonic use the word demonic It cannot have been more than six years ago when I was completely shocked that someone used that term Because it's not a political term It doesn't even describe like any human social interaction It's a spiritual term and I just was not used to people using spiritual terms to describe Social movements or political developments or whatever, but I think in that time in the last six years Things have really changed and I hear it all the time. It's demonic. They're demons. There is this sense that there's a spiritual Underpinning that there's something going on beneath the surface in American society and in the world that's affecting Outcomes and affecting populations and like there's spiritual war in progress You and I hope you'll explain this and I'll get out of the way in a second, but you kind of stumbled Into an extended research project on this topic are there actual occult connections to Hollywood to political figures to technological advances to the leaders of our society are some of them actually practicing occult religion Yeah, Tucker. It's about as weird as you said some would say I think we're gonna find out even weirder So How did you I mean you're not a theologian that I'm aware of No, and if I was it was a very amateur theologian No, I'm not not a scholar is that many will find out about but how did you wind up? Coming to the conclusion that you know the people who some of the people who help shape our culture or Build our technology or practicing a cult literally practicing a cult religion. I'll tell you well, you know I was working on a television shows, you know trying to build out this show. I I should back up I come from a Hollywood family Tucker. Yeah, my grandfather was the actor Robert Conrad If you've some of your listeners Wild Wild West Black Sheep Squadron, he go way back Hawaiian. I My other grandfather Harry Flynn was a publicist in the Decades and the monkeys bewitched I dream of Jeannie to occult shows bewitched and I dream of Jeannie. Maybe it starts there So I'm not unlike your own father working in journalism as a boy One of the first things you learn when you have parents who work in media or entertainment You learn that things the people magazine version of reality is not the truth that there is a difference That is that is accurate. Yes So I mean we're not getting into occultism yet But we're getting into the fact that as a boy you learn that the way things are presented not always conspiratorial But you're always being shown a facade usually that's from the mainstream I can't believe I'm saying mainstream media already a minute into this but you know things are not what they seem So as a boy, I was always told and shown that so years later You know I took to take into Hollywood these these various show concepts and one of them Tucker I was working on Was about them when actors first break into the business, you know, where do they live? How do their lives go? It was a very wholesome show about the origins of actors and show business, but it was getting you come to LA from Nebraska What happens how does this work? Yeah, but that gets into a basic thing You probably had this as a boy yourself of wanting to know how does thing how do things work? You've seen the facade So what's the truth, you know how how exactly how does any show work? How are stars made? So I was working on this show and you know, I'm kovat happened Hollywood kept lighting itself on fire I was I sold it to um BuzzFeed and then um while they're drawing up the contract a BuzzFeed went out of business So it was it was a curfew volatile moment. Yeah, it was it was a curse show. The wholesome one was cursed So at some point in 2022, I'd always had a dream project of mine Just an a casual interest of doing a show about rock in the occult About the secret history of all these things that everyone's people are generally interested in but there's never been a kind of Scholarly in depth hearing from everybody not to buy his take on of you know, Jimmy Page being its Alistair Crowley Alistair Crowley being on the Beatles albums things that you know, maybe we can dispel some myths But also there's always interesting actual weird stuff going on Yeah, so I wanted to take that show out and it became kind of not all this is a figment of your imagination Oh, no, no, no, it was not as as I learned the I'm gonna say the hard way but no things yet, so that that was the basis of it of me wanting to Doing research for this this show which was tentatively titled Running with the devil and I brought in a legendary rock critic Steven Thomas Erle wine from all music is a colleague Ned raggots And then the creators of the Osbournes the recently departed Ozzy Osbourne Sue Kalinsky and Craig Johnson So I brought in legit people I brought in some of the best critics we have in rock to do a show that would you know? We'd have we'd have Christians and pastors. We have a cultists one of my experts on the show was this guy Mitch Horowitz who I think you knew I forget if it was at salon or former editor of mine. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, very nice guy Well, he's he was an he became an expert on the occult. I talked to him a very nice guy He's I think he's a self-described Satanist, you know, you know that was after I knew him That was that we got to clarify that you know, yeah, but but so while doing this show It's all a long way to say well doing creating this show and taking it around town You know, I'm you know Another guy that was being influenced Gary Lachman is a cult historian of a friend of mine Well doing this show and trying to get it created I would tell people I know in tech because I know a lot of people in different circles That's if I want superpowers I know a lot of different people and have a lot of strange hobbies and interests that kind of the Venn diagram is very unique To me, so while creating this show the people in tech and the people some of you know in Silicon Valley or politics They go that's a great concept for a show and then they'd say, you know, there's some of the stuff going on in Silicon Valley you know, they're they're called there's some weird kind of Alastair Crowley Colts there or Or You know while researching one of the guys will talk about Nick land You know who's huge in Silicon Valley his influences were identical with some of the hardcore Industrial music goth music psychedelic guys in the 80s Guys that I was richer's researching because this is hardcore occult stuff. So for me Tucker at some point I was like and it kept occurring to me Why when I'm researching this show and also hearing about what's going on in Silicon Valley with weird stuff Why is it? Why am I hearing about the same stuff? And why are these people again? You think of Silicon Valley you think of the modern, you know elite as being secularists rationalists People who have a you know, no religion for me. Thank you attitude towards stuff Why are they into the same stuff that you know, Kenneth Grant? Genesis P orages into Brian Geist and William S Burroughs. Why are they into the same weird stuff? So that was to answer your question That was the that was the entry point into this for me is having researched the show and being such a nerd about it I knew it forwards and backwards that when I started to get into the tech stuff. I realized I was researching the same thing It's interesting so here's the distinction that I make in my mind And it's between people who are participating in occult practices and have no idea that they are right You know people who are you know participating in abortion and don't see it don't understand it as what it is Which is a child sacrifice ritual as old as Canaan Who are using hallucinogenic drugs, which are clearly a portal for demonic possession Witchcraft thinking in Greek it's farmakai. I think it is so there's always a natural link between Putting yourself they would say ecstatic states or altered. Yes That's always been the I mean there's a kind of lurid story behind the witches broom in terms of what she's doing to work Herself up into that state, but yeah, it's all about but she's doing it intentionally I guess that's the distinction that I would make in a secular country a free-to-be you-and-me country there are a lot of people who are doing things because they're fun or interesting or Everyone around them is doing them and they don't understand the spiritual consequences But then there's another category and this is this is the dividing line in my head There's a category of people who are Seeking power from supernatural forces that they acknowledge are absolutely real right right and They're practicing in a cult religion and they're doing it with self-awareness, right? Right and I always felt like there weren't that many of those But what I've learned from you from our extensive text exchanges over the past year is that? There are actually some of those quite a few of those. Oh, but totally. I mean look at it a couple ways So among other things Tucker we're living through An explosion in I mean a cults a big broad term. Yes What does it can we define it? I mean it technically means the hidden but there's a book Written by these guys that they ran in a cult bookstore in New York in the 70s It's called bowl from heaven or something like that but one of their definitions it had to do with a new elements of New Age philosophy and neo-pagan thinking I think was part of their definition but that but Broadened out a bit a cult can also just mean interest in New Age which accounts for like 80% of Americans whether it's astrology Whether it's the concept of manifesting which is you know The law of attraction type stuff that stuff is huge and as I've talked with you about it's also huge on the right in Terms of maha make America healthy again these ideas that we don't think of as being too goth or too occult or too Out of the mainstream have become incredibly mainstreamed over the last decades But I mean even going back to 19th century America. They were there and even 18th, but since the 60s They've exploded but they've become so ingrained in our lives. We don't typically notice their origins We don't see them as a cult. No, no, but we're also living through a goth explosion I mean, I mean, I know you're not a huge you sit in front of the TV and watch Netflix guy But like shows like Wednesday stranger things Horror is you know in terms of box office, maybe not in terms of creativity. It's as big as it's ever been You know, how oh, yeah Halloween Some people should have joked that Halloween will be on pace that overtake Christmas at some point just because it's like it's become like a year round thing Halloween. Yeah, Halloween's huge. Yeah every year gets bigger. So There's there's an element of this Tucker where once once you didn't I Hate to admit in public how out of it I am but I had no idea this is Yeah, no goth is huge I mean even singers like Billie Eilish and stuff goth is is huge because it leads to happiness We've got a new partner it's a company called cowboy Colostrum it's a brand that is serious about actual health and the product is designed to work with your body not against your body It is a pure and simple product all natural unlike other brands cowboy clostrum is never diluted It always comes directly from American grass-fed cows. There's no filler. There's no junk. It's all good It tastes good believe it or not So before you reach for more pills for every problem that pills can't solve we recommend you give this product cowboy clostrum a try It's got everything your body needs to heal and thrive. It's like the original superfood loaded with nutrients Antibodies proteins help build a strong immune system stronger hair skin and nails I threw my wig away and right back to my natural hair after using this product You just take a scoop of it every morning in your beverage coffee or a smoothie and you will feel the difference every time For a limited time people listen to our show get 25% off the entire order So go to cowboy classroom comm use the code Tucker at checkout 25% off when you use that code Tucker at cowboy classroom comm remember you mentioned You heard it here first. It's a huge thing So it's one of those things that once once you alert someone to how popular something is it's like learning a new word Where you're like I've ever heard this word in my life and the next the next week. I hear is obstreperous Like that guy's obstreperous. Okay, there it is again So so this stuff is huge But yeah, the reason I as opposed to a lot of other people was able to really notice it is begin I was working on this show. I know the history of rock. I know it's I know a lot of you know fair amount about politics I know some of the tech stuff a little bit of art history and literature So when you know when people were talking when you know, Nick lander whoever's talking about, you know, I learned Kabbalah from Kenneth Grant and Alistair Crowley and stuff that I'm like Kenneth Grant He's he's the guy that got Bauhaus and a lot of the goth guys into witchcraft and industrial music what what is Nick land this this academic who is You know incredibly influential on AI what is he doing being into this stuff, okay, so One of the challenges of this conversation is kind of where to begin and what's the narrative spine and how do you explain something? That's That's this pervasive Complex and and basically so rarely explained So maybe we start with just a very straightforward Explanation of who Nick land is you've referred to him twice. Yes. Yes, so Let me see Nick Nick land is kind of essentially the Timothy Leary of the 90s and 2000s He's the velvet underground or Brian Eno of philosophers. No hits incredibly influential. Okay, so You know the thing is with land is a philosopher. He's a philosopher. He worked in the philosophy department of Warwick University over in the in England in the UK in the early 90s One of the ways I actually really got into this stuff is a friend of mine Simon Reynolds brilliant cultural Critic brilliant rock critic originally from the UK I brought him on to the show to do the music show and he interviewed Nick land and Simon You know is the most stiff upper lip You know very intellectual English guy you could know and so the fact that he was interviewing Nick land who the people said He's crazy. He's into the occult. He's into all these wild things I was like well if Simon interviewed him This will be a down-to-earth understanding of who Nick land is because Simon's very down-to-earth So when I read Simon's interview with him, which is from 1998 and It's also where Simon meets the philosopher Mark Fisher Which I got a relish Tuck this is probably the first and last time someone will bring up mark Fisher on your podcast So this is I want to take some time and enjoy that But but Simon, you know, he interviews Nick land and in his article It's very lengthy talks about how Nick land is possessed by three or four entities at the same time That's the legend we don't know you know take we take what you will about any of this But you know that three or four entities at the same time. He's bringing up current spiritual yeah demons. He's willing to demons He he brings up the the 93rd current which is the name of a band current 93, which is Alastair Crowley's Thelima and They're they're drawing pentagrams. They're renting out Alastair Crowley's house. And so that was a huge moment for me where I was like, wait a second This guy that's very big in tech a very big on the future of AI My buddy is interviewing him and he is heavily into all these heavy industrial goth things That I know about from from this research here. What's he doing in AI? So so what what are Nick lands ideas? Well, that was I went on a full philosophy professor Yeah, he's you can catch him on X and Twitter, you know tweeting out one tweet at a time I think he's a Xeno cosmography, I think is the is the tweet is the is his handle on used to be outsideness But you know, he can be pretty you know, pretty brilliant and Spartan has some good takes but um, you know in his way, but He was What are the themes of his work? So he eventually you know, he says his work was entirely channeled You know channeled as an automatic writing. So this goes back centuries, but a hundred years ago Automatic writing so this goes back centuries, but a hundred years ago you had poets like WB Yates You noticed me struggling make sure I make sure I pronounce that correctly You know, he had his wife do do a channeling to write his book a channeling means essentially you're possessed to write this that you This didn't come naturally from you. Maybe some outside force outside takes over your hands your angels Yes, and so so his work on AI which is incredibly influential he said wasn't was an outside force to write this and Nicklain is a proponent of AI. Oh, yeah. No, he's a proponent of AI, but his philosophy is essentially that We're it's this we are building this AI that's gonna become not only just super intelligent But it eventually becomes so advanced that it gains omniscience It gains omnipotence and it becomes this superhuman godlike thing that transcends humanity eventually destroys humanity and He gets really into the book of Revelation ends up becoming the demons from the book of Revelation The real thing with Nicklain that wait what becomes the demons of replace AI this The AI that we are building the demons from the book of Revelation with AI and that's Nicklain's position But I should say too. It's the position of a lot of these guys Elon Musk has said that we are with AI we are summoning the demon. Yes He has said that he said that ten years ago in an interview and he's said some more things every year since But Elon is or was trying to sound the alarm on that Nicklain is For this I mean with a lot of these guys talk it ends up being a lot of them are I mean You know that they would maybe blanket Satanist although Nicklain has said, you know Christians who believe that what he is doing is is Talking to Satan when he does these divination things. He says they're not totally wrong. He's not unsympathetic to it he says he is hearing from the outside and that these are You know, he's not totally unsympathetic for it but but with a lot of these guys what was interesting about Nicklain is that there's a They keep getting the same ideas these guys take drugs whether it's Elon Nicklain or even in the 70s the scientist John C. Lilly John C. Lilly was an eminent scientist brilliant dude He started doing ketamine the same the same drug you know, everyone does in Silicon Valley and They when they do this drug and even if you're an atheist materialist is still interesting They all get the same idea which is that the machines are you know coming like Skynet and Terminator. They're coming together They're they're evolving to eventually take over and that we are Hanging ourselves with the rope. We're currently building by building this but this goes back Nicklain was interesting, but he became less interesting me when I realized that other scientists in the 70s John C. Lilly the movie altered states from 1980s horror movie. This is about you know, you know He would have these visions about the machines. He called him the solid state entities He would have this in the 70s Tucker in this in this tank The isolation tank you go in the new and you probably seen it but the new mission impossible movie Tom Cruise, you know he fights this AI and he goes in the isolation tank and he has these visions of it one of the biggest movies of this past summer and That that plot point comes from John C Lilly and the visions he would get of AI apocalypse in the Isolation tank back in the 70s so I bring this up to say Nick land is the most Foremost proponent of it that has a public name even though he's not that famous right now, but this goes back a long time You know at least back to the 70s. So are these So people take ketamine and they all have the same vision I mean or species enough enough of them do to make it very strange and alarming that I mean I mean that that's the thing that one of the main influences on both the show I was building these guys Brian Geisen William S. Burroughs is create a partner He would say the thing is about getting high and about doing psychedelics is that you know, you can spot people You know eventually who are on the same drug and you're both getting the same ideas some drugs He said, you know increases telepathy, you know people are it puts them on the same same wavelength So with a lot of these guys weird that different people from different places different countries Different life experiences would take a drug and have the same kind of And for anyone who was that can't be organic No, no, no, and and but that is weird beyond what anyone's individual personal beliefs are so exactly that's yeah So if anyone tunes in in the light, where did Tucker find this guy that looks like Greg Olson talking about? insane AI stuff If they're an atheist, they don't believe any of this like you're saying the fact that people are taking these drugs and they're very powerful and they work in tech and they are getting the Same ideas the same fears they think in some cases they're talking to the same entities There are books now about if you take DMT if you encounter this this machine elf be wary of this, you know They're encountering the same stuff. That's that's an interesting phenomenon Just biologically regardless of what like ancient sacred art has the same images, right? I created on different continents at different periods. They couldn't have had contact with each other. So why are they drawing the same? Bird man or the same purse like it because they're seeing the same visions which suggests that those visions are real Why is snake worship universal around the world? Here's something you may not have known back in 2015 the Congress of the United States repealed something called the country of origin labeling act Now why is this relevant to you? Well, it means among other things that when you buy beef at the supermarket that says made in the USA It may not actually be in fact it could be likely is from a foreign country It means that repackaging foreign meat can be enough to get the made in USA designation. It's a lie It's an absolute lie. Most people don't even know what's happening So how can you be sure that the meat you're eating is from the United States and has been raised with the highest quality? Standards and is the tastiest it's truly made here. Well, it's simple You can go to our friends at Merriwether Farms Merriwether Farms is an American small business It's based in Riverton, Wyoming We know the people who run it and they're great people and they have great meat They ship the highest quality meat raised free from growth hormones and antibiotics directly to your doorstep. It's delicious We eat it a lot including at this table. These are Americans. These are American made products They are the real deal again. We eat that meat at this table from Riverton, Wyoming They're the best Merriwether Farms.com use the discount code Tucker 10 and you get an extra 10% off again That's Merriwether Farms Merri W-e-t-h-e-r farms Dot-com it's worth it Exactly because there's something that people are responding to that's not coming from within them But outside of that that was Carl Jung's like main insight is that is that you know getting the idea of Can ideas come from without you and not just within you so yeah Well, yeah and the materialist doesn't want to admit that in our culture has kind of since we dropped the atom bomb is sort of written off the possibility that that could be true, but it's Just reconnecting with something that every civilization has always assumed was true, which is there's a spiritual realm That's every bit as real as your iPhone or this desk and it's just it's absolutely real and it acts on us all the time right and that is the truth and I know you seem to take that for granted, but it's still shocking to those of us who grew up in you know Basically a godless country. It's totally I mean one of the basis for my interest in a lot of this is you know My mom was raised in a Christian home I consider me a Christian myself and my mom would always say you know she became a Christian in the 70s And she but she knew all the psychedelic groups back in the 60s. You know love spirit She amount would go to indoor shows and all those you know Group groups from the late 1960s and something that she'd say and that people who are You know rock and rollers into the occult would say that they both say the same thing Which is that people take drugs musicians to? For inspiration for creativity to tap themselves into the spiritual realm to get to pull something from outside themselves So the basis for my interest in a lot of this stuff was like that's something my mom says my mom's great Christian One of the all-time grades and This is something that you know every musician knows too That's why they take drugs is to tap into the spiritual so I didn't know that I thought that People took drug I mean I took drugs people take drugs for all kinds of I'll admit it But I always assumed that those insights are really mostly fake insights But all that stuff came from within that it was I mean I bought the Freudian analysis of it that there's You only use 10% of your brain, and there's this whole sort of Primordial see in your head of of thoughts and Visions that you're not in touch with on a daily basis, but that drugs thinned the membrane But I it never occurred to me a single time until middle-aged when I started to see reality that Actually, they're coming from outside you well that Tucker. That's a great point. That's something that any psychedelic I it's kind of a double double standard thing to do where when talking about drug use they'll always say well There's no difference between what's going on in my head and what's going outside. We're all one That's always you know I think it was William James said you know the great oceanic feeling you know But he got you would but that's that's always their big insight is hey man What's going on in my head isn't different from what's going outside? Until the psychonaut encounters some sort of weird demon on DMT, and then they backtrack and they're like brother That's just in my head Don't worry What's in my head can't get in your head so they go from it? Until you have two different people meeting the same demons Psychonauts are not maybe not the most logistically Consistent, but I'm just saying again just to hammer the point again and again and again because it can't be hammered hard enough that there is a realm that exists outside of us over which we are not only that yes and That it can enter you can bring stuff into you right that has control over you right right right? totally and you know To bring this back into some historical precedent a good question that you know people have asked me You know what are the precedents for this because this is really weird to think of people in tech You know who are into strange AI stuff You know I thought everyone was pretty grounded, but you know if you look at you know You know you familiar with sort of Jack Parsons over at you know he please tell the story if you don't I mean I'll do that to us. I think one Jack Parsons. You know he grew up in Pasadena You know he was he was brought on by I think it's Teodor von Karman This the scientist over it. I think it's Caltech or eventually was JPL, but he but he was really really into the occult and summoned the devil allegedly when he was 13 really really into esoteric stuff part of this greater LA avant-garde scene and You know he's I think like the thing he's been said he's the fourth most important person in the in the history of Of Send you know of jet rocketry and stuff like that, but he was really really into the idea of you know bringing in a manifesting a supernatural being so he would go with Elrond Hubbard the future founder of Scientology I know that Scientology say they say that Elrond Hubbard was he was doing intelligence work He wasn't really into into this stuff But um he would he would go with Elrond Hubbard into the Pasadena Royoseco And they do rituals there and they try to manifest you know a kind of super nice natural figure So there's a classic example there and science is littered with these of people who are brilliant scientists, but who are into incredibly strange stuff and You know his the guy noticed that a lot of those scientists are working on technology that kills people Yeah, you know they also do that too and the guy that brought him on Parsons was doing that well I mean ultimately this technology was used to kill people which one are you referring to but rocketry? Oh, yeah rocketry wasn't what's funny too is he he either he or von Karman they donated to my friend Rick Spence he He's like the Doc Brown to my Marty McFly's this he's this a story and I brought on for My show trying to do it and he's an expert on Parsons in this stuff And he pointed out to me that Parsons and von Karman that they were they were part of the Pasadena Cell 122 of the Communist Party Which is he said the exact same one that I forget if it was Robert or Frank Oppenheimer and Pasadena were also donating money to so there's an incidental funny historical connection there between Oppenheimer and Parsons and You know the Communist Party, but is if we needed more evidence the nuclear weapons are demonic Well, I know this upsets certain people on the so-called right but the probe The probe is nuclear yeah It is funny though the I was gonna say the Parsons the guy that brought Parsons on those this guy Teodor von Karman and von Karman's father father told him told Carmen brilliant scientist that he was descended from I'm just gonna butcher the names here, but it was Rabbi Lowe the 16th century Prague rabbi who brought together the golem which I bring up because That's something you notice with AI to is a lot of the main figures in AI they all think of themselves as being descended from creating a golem and The nature of digital life and this is also very important to Nick Lanz thinking is very similar to Kabbalah, which is you're using In digital life ones and zeros, but you're you're using an algorithm a set of instructions to bring an inanimate object to life Which is the creation of a golem? You know you use clay? It's man man as God to tell us what a golem is Thought this would be the part Tucker's asking me what a golem is where the movie would do the record scratch freeze frame You might be wondering how I got here Tell us what a golem is Khan a golem is essentially It's a it's a creature. You know mythical but with with digital life or We've already kind of created them the idea of man creating a creature that An artificial life form so back in the 16th century the idea was you take clay and then you create the little parts of a little Man kind of created a you know like a Frankenstein Frankenstein's a golem. Yeah, essentially, but you'd have the algorithm You know or the set or the ritual? And you'd animate the thing you know using you know symbols and numbers and it would eventually come to life and And be your slave and be yours and be well what's funny is you'd be your slave but the legend of the the the golem in Prague and It's probably just surely just a legend is that it broke free and started killing people and doing all these things So that's an important point to make is when people talk do we assume that's a legend? You know you would think that would have gone viral on tip-tock and something in the 16th century Yeah, if they had that I mean you know What's funny though is that you look at stuff like the Terminator movies and these idea of AI apocalypse Which is very very big right now. I mean the Washington Journal They had this Last week you know it's it's the the phone and chat GPT is bringing up all kinds of great occult lore This is from the the occult journal Wall Street Journal very obscure Cobblistic newspaper based in New York City no and so the art in case Viewers can't see it is a serpent emerging from a rose. Yeah wrapped around the arm of the iPhone holder Yeah And so you know this idea of weird technology of things getting out of hand when people talk about the AI and the AI demons or This or that it actually just goes back to the golem I mean the Terminator movies are essentially about golems man creating a creature the creature breaking free from man and And killing them and in the case of Nick Landon and but the original golem in Prague When you're referring to in the 16th century Was the product of something called Kabbalah? Yeah, Kabbalah, and this is an essential Nick Land thing What is Kabbalah Kabbalah is something after the destruction of the first temple the Jewish people famously enslaved and taken Captive by the Babylonians. This is where the book of Daniel's written and What Nick Land does and a lot of these guys do is they end up perverting Jewish history and they you know in the Bible it says, you know salvation is of the Jews which people forget and a lot of People that don't like Jews, you know, they forget, you know, the Bible comes from the Jews It's all almost all exclusively written by Jewish men. Maybe not the book of Luke So what Nick Land does a lot of these guys as they say the real purpose of the Jewish people was that They picked up Kabbalah from the Babylonians Back in maybe fifth century before Christ and that they they kept it it eventually becomes You know Kabbalah is essentially it's a form of and people say magic I mean Gary Lachman says that what we think of as a cultism is it all essentially Kabbalah at least in the West It's it's a form of magic. It's a form of you know, I'm gonna butcher this because I'm not a scholar on it But essentially what Nick Land believes that the Jewish people that they kept The Kabbalah they it eventually becomes digital life, you know through ones and zeros It's a Gnostic religion which is to say it's hidden right from Non-initiate. Yeah, I mean, I mean there's there's a mainstream version version of it. But Yeah, it eventually kind of becomes What they believe It pre is a precursor to digital life So what land and a lot of these people believe is that The actual salvation that the Jewish people provided was keeping Kabbalah which eventually becomes digital life which eventually becomes AI which eventually becomes the creatures from the book of Revelation which essentially later go on to Destroy humanity and fulfill the book of Revelation, but that is a good thing a lot of them believe Something amazing is happening in the US after years of national rejection of faith remember the new atheists Long gone because a revival is underway millions of Americans are rediscovering what our culture tried so hard to hide Which is the ultimate power of the universe the power of prayer This is taking place at the right moment times like these require Truth speaking preaching of the gospel which is the truth and boldness in the face of struggle When evil emerges as it did in September when Charlie Kirk was assassinated people wake up and they find God because that is the only Answer you need prayer and you know you do by the way the hallow app makes it easy you find scripture meditations reflections guided prayers Whether you pray constantly or just getting started aren't really sure what prayer is but feel like you should be doing it because you should There is something for you something real and something eternal Trust me. This is a Never-ending topic of conversation in my house including today hallow and the power of prayer that hallow unleashes Instead of wasting time scrolling through social media hallow lets you begin and end your day connecting with God Which is really all that matters and it reminds you of that Joins the millions of Americans who are discovering the peace the only real peace and clarity that prayer can bring hallow download it today H-a-l-l-o-w it's free to try maybe the most important decision you make this year get three months free at hallow.com Slash Tucker and if it doesn't change your life, I'll be shocked. I mean that now Why would that be a good thing for a lot of these guys? Like nick land, you know, he calls himself a theosophist theosophy again, it's a hard hard thing to Intend you know untie but in part because the religion itself was kind of a mishmash It was a 19th century philosophy, uh, formerly Put in place by madame blvatsky. I think in 1875 a russian emigrated london Yes, and she'd come from a long background of like, you know, freemasons and german, you know Yeah, she she came from a very occult her first cousin was the premier I was the president of russia sergey vitz i'm getting probably butchering a lot of names here, but But uh, so madame blvatsky was a very famous person in 19th century. Yeah She was essentially the mother of the new age movement So what she believed, uh, it's it's western esotericism mixed with eastern religion. It's essentially proto hippie proto hippie proto california Uh counterculture stuff a great book on this one of my favorite books It's a book by martin green called mountain of truth about ascona switzerland It's about the birth of the modern counterculture the california counterculture, you know, whether it was trotsky and lennon or uh carl yung all these people hung out tucker in the same place in switzerland in like the 19th 1920s But so theosophy's main insight according to land was that um, and he said it himself the secret doctor in the name of her book um was that Uh, this is what land believes about blvatsky. The serpent is the redeemer that satan And jesus are the same person which also ties in with a gnostic called called the orphites I believe from the second century who again they believe when moses is holding up the snake on a stick That's also jesus on the cross pretty heretical stuff. So to answer your question. How do you get into satanism again another? you know Record scratch how did I get here moment to say that say that loud? Um They believe that essentially it's the gnostic idea that adam and eve were uh were slaves in the garden That they uh, they were stuck there that the serpent by when he approaches them He essentially gives him the red the red pill speech from the matrix. Look you're a slave here You're not doing anything you're naming animals and tending to a garden You're never going to break free from this over god that's here I can give you a I can give you a choice, you know, take this fruit This red pill I don't know if it was a pill Or you can stay here and be a slave But just know if you take this thing if you take this pill if you eat this fruit of knowledge Which as you can see I should emphasize this the tree of knowledge Very much ties directly into this whole concept of ai which is we are kind of creating this tree of knowledge But we'll get to that in a second But the serpent says you can eat from the tree of knowledge and you know, there'll be a price to pay for that But you're going to be free and you're going to be you're going to you know, you'll be like a god Once you rebel against dad. Yeah, essentially. Yes, you will be free. You need to transgress you need to sin But you you're going to be like a god He famously eats the fruit, you know brings death into the world And you know, they they understand shame they have this gnosis moments adam and eve where they realize oh my goodness We're naked. Who are we? You know, they have this self they have this self Actualization moment that is the gnostic interpretation of the garden of eden and that is very much You know, it's an ancient ancient idea no ideas are really too new but to answer your question It's very old bow down before me and you'll be like god Yeah, and but to get back to your original question, how do how do people get into these ideas of um, I mean the theosophists would say them, you know in some cases, you know It seems like they actually believe in satan but even on a metaphorical level they would say The mind intelligence is satan that the human mind it's breaking free. This is intelligence breaking out So i'm gonna make a crucial point here when they talk about ai and they talk about a apocalypse and they talk about intelligence breaking free and agi you're getting into this idea that even land himself will say is theosophy but it goes way back of The mind breaking out and rebelling against god intelligence breaking free That's what they believe happened in the garden with gnosticism with not no Gnosticism means knowledgism. It's knowledge. It's this is pure knowledge that this is that breaking free And that by creating these runaway ai things That's what we're also doing and the fact that it may kill humanity or transcend humanity or humanity will need to evolve to go With it. That's cool. They see it tucker is essentially being the same situation in the garden break free do it Yes, you'll bring death. Yes, you'll get us all killed or some people killed whatever just do it you know Cults typically don't buy green bananas as far as i'm thinking ahead don't and this is a religion for people who don't have children Of course, just do it, right? Um So what I think you've successfully done is tied a bunch of different threads Together and pointed them all the way back to the origin story. I hope I did that I hope I just didn't do that It's always sunny meme of him having the um, you know all these index cards and just just it's very hard thing no, I think you you laid out the thematic basis of Gnosticism cabal whatever you're calling it the occult It's all a rebellion against god and it's always predicated on the same transaction, which is Bow down before me and I will give you power It definitely can be that and I want to emphasize, you know They do pervert jewish history by making the jewish people by them preserving the kabbalah when they're when they're in exile And and picking it up they say that's the real purpose of the jewish people And the people that are that are into the ai forerunners whether it's marvin minsky Who was one of the epstein? Yeah, that was one of the guys that the girl Who I think killed herself in the last year. She said she met marvin minsky and was told have sex with this dude Um, he's one of the founding fathers of ai, but you know, he he comes from this uh, the background of um, Having fathers, uh, yeah, he comes from the background He was told that he was the descendants of rabbi lo the uh, the prod guy that created the golem as was jack good Who wrote one of the main books that you know, it's about ai in 1965 was a relative of the yeah But most of them aren't I think the one I mentioned earlier teador von kármán actually was like they were he was the one That was told that you actually are descended from the other one. It's more like Telling a wasp kid, you know, you're you're a descendant of george washington or whatever your mayflower descended Yeah, but but but you know, even though uh, you know, they kind of pervert jewish history like that anti-semites also love kabbalah, too I mean even um, it was found in 2008, uh in hitler's personal library He had a book from ernest schurdle the alistair crulley of germany and he and famously, um, I mean Not many people know this story because it's recent but um hitler was circling like Kabbalistic things about satan and this stuff so and this is this is something that gary lockman's pointed out It's a key part of jewish history, but also even people that hate jews also really get into kabbalah, too So I don't want to you know generalize too much interesting. Um So back to land so land is this academic? He's a flawed tenured. I assume tenured philosophy professor He's a philosophy professor At a british university he said he describes himself or has been described as Occupied by demons possessed by demons. Oh, yeah My friend simon I think I mentioned earlier when he went out there and said, you know land the legend around land As he had been possessed by at least three or four demons at the same time Normally like as a resume point that would be a deal killer. I mean if someone comes to you and says I want to work for you I'm possessed by demons You would you would say no, I don't want any demon possessed employees, but for land typically. Yeah that Increases his stature with certain people. Well, totally. I mean this is something and this is a huge thing I learned tucker in researching this thing that I was reading this book um Because with land and his and his group of academics the ccru The cultural cybernetic research units that they were very much based off of genesis peoridge's Uh temple of psychic youth where the idea the idea comes from burrows, which is to use modern tech To its fullest for occult purposes that the modern magician does not shy away from using the latest tech That was william burrows's thing There's a great book called the occult world of william s burrows and it talks about how he'd use audio recordings movies editing To try to edit reality to try to try to create a glitch in the matrix or whatever you want to say to do that Um, so land and his guys, um, can I say interject and just say you've you've mentioned jack parsons You've mentioned bill burrows all the legends. Yeah all the legends. Um, but if you look at the life trajectory of all of these people it ends in poverty misery insanity suicide addiction alienation like is there a single person In the world you're now describing for whom it ends well No, and that was tucker that was one of the reasons that was really surprising researching land is Uh, he mentions this guy kenneth grants who's a powerful music Let's go see musician powerful magician alistair crulley secretary and what kenneth grant said, um, You know very steeped in the occult english guy. Uh, he said about rock and roll which again was the basis from my The show of like rock and the occult he said kenneth grant said of course rock and roll is demonic He goes look at the way these guys look at the way their lives end He goes, of course, this is horrible for you. So when I read that yes when you die at 27 Of self-inflicted wounds as famously so many of them did That's not like a sign that you're on the right path, right? It ends horribly for most of them but but the fact that kenneth grant had said that this wasn't coming from a pastor This is coming from alistair crulley secretary I was like this I was like this is the show I was like when you've got this guy saying that so tucker when I found That nick land was influenced by this guy kenneth grant this famous, you know black black magician I was like, wait a second. That's what I knew. I had more than a show I'm like wait the goth Legends bow house coil nurse with wound again. We've got to take a break No one I don't think we'll ever bring up nurse with wound again on your show. So that that's yeah I of course have literally no idea what you're talking about But the fact that there was a huge intersection between the industrial music scene and these hardcore Occult practitioners and the current ai leaders in silicon valley. I was like what have I stumbled into? What is going on here? So when alistair crowley secretary says, of course rock and roll is demonic Basically, I mean you've got the horseshoe effect Right here. So here you have alistair crowley like famous satanist Um, I mean, I would say he would say he's a he's a gnostic but you do get into a thing of like well, what is Gnosticism Yeah, well that you know satanist is my description, right? Right, but it seems obvious Um to me, but whatever a guy who's like worshiping Demons heavily yeah heavily yeah It when his secretary says rock and roll is demonic agreeing with like every, you know The famous every pastor after foot every kid who cried because his dad took his emerson lincoln palmer albums in the 70s You know, I guess it all was very obvious, right? Well, well that's that's how I knew I could finally make the show is because you you know Of course it's demonic like duh, well, I think a lot of it I mean you can't argue with you can't argue with alistair crowley secretary. I think it's the main That's right, you know, but that was what's interesting. Why I finally wanted to do the show is for so many decades You couldn't do a show like this because everyone gets so defensive about rock and roll taking a child's toy away where it's like Can we do a show that has it has pastors that has christians that has rabbis that does all these people who talk about? The religious aspect of music But then could you also get these other people who are into the darker side of things to also talk about it and for so long Especially with a lot of christians that they they would be so defensive about it It's there's nothing wrong with that. I can do what I want with this that you couldn't actually have made the show It's only because rock and roll is i'm going to be the millionth person to say this Is many ways culturally dead or is so irrelevant that you can finally do a show on this It's like yeah, it actually did In fact america with some kind of incurable spiritual cancer that led to where we are now I mean, what was funny? There was a the writer theodore darumple and he um was a brilliant man Yeah, yeah, he's a brilliant writer and he went to um, he he was commissioned by the spectator because he's such a smart, uh Well-learned guy and they thought it'd be hilarious to send him to an oasis concert In england and this is about in the 90s and he goes there and he writes about it And he says this is you know rock concerts are essentially fascism with you know, the the unity of the crowd and the shouting and the spirit of derelict behavior And he said and this is from the spectator. This is a pretty conservative newspaper He never got more pushback for anything He ever wrote in his career and he's a man who's known to have many a hot take Than when he criticized rock and roll so as you know as a journalist whenever you Have something that touches a nerve where people like you can talk about whatever you want talker, right? But we won't let you talk about this or we ask that you know talk about prison. Yeah Yeah, so that's but here's a question. I have had for you Over your years as a journalist, uh in doing tons of tv Um, I know only the last few years you've you've been more interested in in spiritual life and the bible and seeing You know spiritual meaning and stuff. Is there a story you've covered in the last few? Or just a story you've covered all where at the beginning you took a much more secular much more cut and dried approach to it That now if you if you today had covered that back then you would see every story every story. I mean especially war Which I have covered in person and certainly talked a lot about over the years. Um I I just saw it as a product, you know the sort of failure of statecraft and like You know nations act rationally You know one country wants this territory either to conquer or to reclaim it and this country just want to give it up And so they have a war over it. You know, that's I had a very secular understanding of war and It was the first world war that changed my view Probably 15 years ago Well, what would it be 10 years ago? So the Uh the anniversary of the outbreak of the war 1914 There was a series of symposia in europe on like, you know, what was that? You know, it destroyed christian europe and for maybe forever and like what I mean the apogee of human civilization was 1913 Obviously and then it was really it was destroyed and it never recovered And a bunch of other empires fell including the ottoman and austro-ungarian and all this stuff it's like it reshuffled the map and Gave rise not just to the second world war but to the world that we now live in so like How did it start? Govroprincip kills archduke ferdinand and sereevo and okay, but How does it follow that like? Christian europe commits suicide in the wake of one assassination and the balkans like what that doesn't even make sense Right, right, and there was no consensus a hundred years later on why the war started Right, and that's when you begin to like ask real questions. Like what are we what was that? And it was of course It was it was spiritual in its origin and so was the war in ukraine and so was what's happening in gaza and so is basically all human activity is influenced by the spiritual realm which once again is as real as anything that we're doing here is real as the material world and So that to me is someone who's interested in history in a very amateur way, but still passionately interested. I was like wow I am not assessing The human experience in its totality i'm only seeing a small part of it and um, so now I really make an effort which is difficult at the age of 56 to relearn patterns But i'm trying to assess human behavior in light again of the tot in in light of the totality Of the human experience much of which is influenced by the spiritual realm and it's like hard Because I still my default is always like this person's pissed at this person or this person wants more money or this person wants to Sleep with that guy's wife or to ascribe to be purely human motives To explain human activity, but um, but that's only part of the story. Well, totally totally and there's this obvious to you There's not obvious to me at all No, but what's gonna be fascinating for you is going back over your career and I gotta say something that's funny is um, You know, you've been on tv for decades and i've heard your voice for decades So there's a there's a there's an element of talking to you Where my brain will be half a second slow because i'll hear your voice not right now but earlier And part of my brain is like someone obviously left the tv on Turn that fucking thing off This is why I don't have a no no where someone has a podcast going because it just tucker's And then my brain is like a half second delay and i'm like dude. He's talking to you. Sorry. Sorry No, but i'm just so i'm just i've heard your voice over this we all have over decades So it is funny because you'll be talking earlier and i'm like, oh yeah. Oh wait. Wait. Wait. That's that's me He's asking me if i'm ready to go So I get so this is all kind of new to me and when I talk to people who are, you know lifelong students of uh of Of religion which is of course the main driver of human behavior from the beginning of time And for you know, again since we dropped the atom bomb we lied to we have lied to ourselves about that and kind of deleted That whole category from public conversation which is or you know It's been left like jerry fallwell and rabbi schmooley and other various things to like talk about religion. That's like so sad, but um, it's been moved to the fringes but When I talk to someone like you who's clearly thought about this much more deeply than I have and over a much longer Period of many books and pdfs. Yeah, but it doesn't sound like it's like shocking to you Well, that's the thing we're going back to talking about earlier in terms of uh, it's a mixture of um in in my case, uh, You know having read a lot but also knowing people and knowing some people involved we were talking earlier about You know when you have a father who works in journalism It it grounds you and same thing with like what people call conspiracy theories where you're like you're able to know off the bat Just a general sense of stuff because you're like, oh, i'm that guy's friends with my dad that that can't be true Or that's exactly the life i've lived. That's exactly right too close, right? Proximity causes blindness. It's weird. You don't but but it's tremendously helpful Though in these things because so many of these things are so insane and so weird that most people can't parse it I mean I didn't bring this up earlier But um with my grandfather in particular the way I kind of even know a lot about sorted stuff I know my grandpa like there were so many scandals Tucker that my grandfather was like he had some like insight into like he met he was going to play jimmy hoffa in a movie He bought the rights to him. Uh, he met jimmy hoffa hung out with him in fort lauderdale week before hoffa died One of his best friends was killed by the manson family Uh, you know on the other side of my family, um, the ted kennedy crash in chapakwitik His lawyer's called my grandmother's house accidentally. They're trying to call the harbour view hotel, which was one digit off three three Three seven versus three three seven seven So, you know his lawyer's accidentally called my grandmother and goes ted there, you know, so that there's like that's like three of like Ten of like the major sorted Yeah, so I bring that up to say when you and you would know this from your your father too as a journalist When you grow up in an environment where Weird stuff is not just there to be gopped at or go. Wow, that's something no one can ever figure out You have enough information that you're able to go like no. No, my dad knows him and i've met him I know so and so if I do the research I can get Maybe to 50 of knowing the story when anyone else can get to 40 Which is still huge in the grand scheme of things. So i've had the opposite experience Even now especially now when I read people I read about people in the you know, the media And they're described as one thing and I know them pretty well And I don't see that at all And yet it's clearly true Right and i'm thinking of a couple people who I really like who are clearly kind of evil It's just obvious that they're pretty evil but you know my experience at and I try to hang around evil people but you know, there's no people for a long time and What I said dinner with that person and it was sort of eccentric But I don't I don't really see him as part of a global conspiracy to Oppress anyone right? I don't see him as a tool of satan, but you know The evidence suggests he is i'm just trying to be honest, right? Well, you bring up something I always think about in regards to the bible that one of the reasons the bible is true Is that it's it's in its depiction of villains and heroes the heroes in the bible You look at king david look at the political scandal scandal he gets in where he he sees this woman bathing by shiba He's really turned on by this He he knows her husband Uri, I think sends him to the front lines of war to get him killed intentionally That would be a gnarly political scandal for anyone. That is that is a pure act of evil But that is what people including heroes can get up to and then if you look at the villains in the bible if you look at Like even say pharaoh pharaoh most feelings, you know in human life are Most emotions are mixed emotions and people are ambivalent and ambiguous Pharaoh at numerous times, you know, he wants to set the hebra's free He wants to set the jewish people free. You know, he goes surely I forget what plague it was where he's like my goodness That was that was rough, but god prevented him from doing it right? Well, but god is sovereign does that in all of our lives? But but but he you know, god even says god hardened his heart exactly So god chose to make to make him such where he decides at the last moment You actually i'm not gonna set you free I can't do that and if you look at ponch's pilot ponch's pilot, you know, he wants to set At uh, you at some point he flips and he's like, you know, I this guy is innocent My wife is having dreams about this man. That's another thing that's under reported in history Wife as wife as soothsayer slash dreamer I mean your wife has many times been like I have a bad feeling about this guy tugger Don't have him on your show and and her intuition is such that you even though there's no necessarily hard evidence You know, it's your wife's take on stuff. You don't ignore it, but that's I have ignored it Um, and it's You're like i've never actually never listened to that. I know I mean i've been married 34 years as of saturday and It's like a joke in my house. You know, I told you he was bad. I don't know. He's hilarious. He's like a good guy to me That's hilarious. Yeah, so you'd be the ponch's pilot which he's like Don't arrest this man. I had a hundred percent. You're like whatever i'm doing my work right now. I'm very shallow So someone's someone who's amusing Or fun to have dinner with you know, I just get swept away. I like that guy You know what I mean? You're like brabus was amazing on that podcast Okay, so just one last question about nick land i'm fixated in this because I don't fully understand but um his role in This movement it clearly is a loose movement. Sure Of occultists of demon worshipers of people who are possessed by demons and say so out loud But he winds up having an effect on a lot of very powerful people it sounds like yeah I mean that's something and again when you're working on the the hollywood show like I was um, People will come and tell you stuff that otherwise it keeps themselves and so back in 2002 Um, you know people would you know, you should tell me, you know nick land's really really influential on people in silicon valley You know his his work it's not all just occultism. I mean his idea is that ai will revolutionize Society so you start talking to people in silicon valley and it turns out they are in contact with or reading nick land well With nick landon with a lot of weird stuff. I mean in 2022 I was uh uh, you know looking researching more on my show and I had this moment tucker i'll never forget where i was talking to some pretty big vcs, you know metrocalfos in them And we're paying for the whole thing. Well, they're doing a lot of the ai stuff There's a weird element with the ai thing where a lot of people a lot of big dogs Uh, they are concerned about ai they think it's bringing about the end of the world But at the same time they don't want to stop working on it and funding it. That's exactly right It's it's a lot like um, you're probably not familiar with the ralph wigum simpsons meme where um, i'm going to explain a meme a joke Which is uh, which it's always a great way of bringing out the humor in some things to explain it scientifically But um, it brings it to life the frog The boy ralph wigum has been asked to do like a milgram experiment of giving electric shocks to people and he hates it And he's sobbing hysterically, but even while he's hysteric he's sobbing hysterically. He's still flicking the knob and delivering the shocks to people So he's crying and still doing it That that's what a lot of the ai uh people are like to me where they're like this is terrible We're bringing about the end of the world some of them believe they're bringing about the book of revelation And yet they're like, I can't stop funding it I can't stop cutting checks. I love it. I I I you know, I can't and there are two re I know a lot of them also and i've talked to them about this exact topic and there are two reasons that I can Discern i'm sure there are others but one is you know, the entire economy of california Maybe of the united states is bet on ai like that's the last that's kind of the last tech win We're going to have as a nation. Yeah, and the second is china the second maybe even more compelling is that we need to Achieve superiority dominance in ai or china will And that would be unacceptable. So there's a race so we sort of like the nuclear race, right? in 1945 six and seven and then the hydrogen bomb race because well the arms race now actually drones, it's like This is bad. We can't probably can't control it at a certain point, but we can't let the other guy Right, right. We we still have to do it. No, it's um There's also something with with ai and I mentioned theosophy earlier and theosophy, you know It's a it's a house with many rooms I mean even politically it had ties to political radicalism on the left and yet like, you know Famously, this is a very tricky thing. But like even um the nazis weird Er, you know arian supremacy stuff. That was all the grandchild of spolatsis concept of you know, uh, hyperborea and All that stuff. So, you know, it's all over the place It's not a left or right thing. It transcends that but one of the one of the reasons they they moved out to california Uh, you know, it's probably some economic interest too of wanting, you know Cheap land or the I think it's the electric currents is there was a kind of weird prophecy or idea that blotsky had in the 1870s 1880s maybe later that um california would be where the next race of humans would evolve from That it would happen in california. That would be their jerusalem. That would be their babalon is california So as we enter this age of transhumanism or would be transhumanism ai and the leading people are um, like nick land self-described You know neo theosophists anglo theosophical oblique escalation is land's twitter bio That's how important it is to him. Uh, it is important to remember that that was a core idea of theirs But it's so perfect. I mean california is as a native californian. I can say it's a metaphor for that My family got there in 1850. So we're seeing the whole trajectory In the trajectory of the state of california is like the trajectory of the life of any occultist Bill burrows, for example or alistair crowley, for example, like at first it's from marquis de sade It's like it's super fun. You're having crazy sex. There are no limits. You're throwing off the old fetters of like tradition Religion and all that stuff. How does it end? Not good and it ends in squalor and alienation and agony and terror screaming out And that's where california is now totally totally that's why it's important to be more mario party than diddy party I agree. Yeah, you got it. You know, you don't have you know those parties don't end that way It never ends well and I had this conversation with someone the other day but You know, it's always the same threesomes. Is it a good idea? you know, I well i've worked in the entertainment but in television all my life i've seen a lot of that and like It no, I can't think of a single marriage that wasn't blown up by that And I don't care how into it both parties are at the time, right? It doesn't and it doesn't end it if it ends well, give me an example of it ending well leave that stuff to the french No, but but for real i'm not being a moral i'm the opposite of a moral hazard. I have no grounds for that But no, you're absolutely right. I just i'm but i'm an observer right? It goes back to the kenneth grant comment about rock where he's just like, of course There's some demonic element. He goes this doesn't end well for anybody. But that's the measure right? this is like the main insight that's turned me into a religious person is A tree can only be judged by its fruits. That's it. That's the only way to know Right whether something is good or bad Is by observing what it produces. Well, thank you for bringing up trees So i'm gonna we're gonna do something tucker that um, you know I can almost guarantee you would never have been allowed to do on fox which is go over nick land's pneumogram his system of divination The bible is very much about trees. Um, you have i've noticed the garden You've got the garden of eden tree of life the tree of knowledge the temple the interior is cedar The seat of the temple just like my sauna Jesus on the cross is a tree. You've also got trees in the book of revelation Yes, that's something you know, if anyone finds a lot of what we're talking about interesting It's important to remember that the book of revelation it's been said by biblical teachers like arthur panc and others The book of revelation is mostly just the previous 65 books of the bible almost re-edited it Even the plagues that take over revelation are just the plagues that ancient israel found under pharaoh and like in exodus the the jewish people are under tremendous stress and turmoil this time from the entire world in the book of revelation, but it's you know this The more you know about the previous 65 that'll help you with the 66th So the bible's you know, it's about a lot about trees and so One of nick land's favorite things that the ccru his academic collective That they ended up Coming through they say was a channeling or it came to them When they were staying at alistair crulley's house in england in 1998 They came up with something called the numigram And people listening to this won't be able to see it. But I want you to hold that up That that is his system. That is if you're familiar with the cabala tree of life Are you familiar with that that the symbol of that? No I'm probably should have printed that out too. I I wore a red rubber band from a newspaper on my wrist for most of my life given to me by my father just as a Because he worked at a newspaper, um, and i've been accused many times of being in the cabala and I pronounce it I'm an episcopalian to reshare. Sure. I don't know shit about cabalas. So no, I don't know what the cabalatree of life is You didn't strike me as a cabala Um, so long story short the new the numigram is uh, I mean nick land He was on this podcast about a month ago. I think it's mickey downs. Uh has this podcast where he finally explained it a little bit He doesn't show how he uses it specifically But it's a system of divination that he uses uses it every five minutes to be in contact with the outside with what he calls the lemurs which again comes from William burrows which comes from uh, uh, you know theosophy and uh, burrows has said it's fundamentally lemurs are demons Yes, he he he he'll use demons and lemurs the word lemurs originally goes back to roman times. I mean spirit So these are the spirits that he that you know, he hears whispering in his ear Not unlike crowley's holy guardian angel with crowley said would help him dictate books He said it was a whispered here in the back of his head after he'd made contact with it um for what it's worth people want to look up some of the um entities, uh crowley, uh, Uh said he was in touch with one of them lamb in 1917 or so looks pretty similar to what would later be called a gray alien It's the yes just to just to kind of summarize what I think you're saying You know from a christian, uh context the holy spirit is not the only spirit out there that can invade people No determine their actions and attitudes. No. No, I mean as this guy Mikey downs point out points out um the the relationship of uh Of demons to angels is not unlike that of a werewolf to a human You know, it's it's it's something that was something else and it's now taken on kind of a deformed presence entity so long story short, so Uh the kabbalah tree of life this is this is a reference here understand I'm not going to get tucker because it's nintendo 64 the the numogram is essentially the majora's mask To the regular kabbalah tree of life's ocarina of time. It is the dark shadowy upside down Much more heavily satanic version of it. It comes it actually comes from kenneth grant the guy we've been talking about He wrote a book Nightside of eden I think in 1977 and it was about how while using the kabbalah tree of life there were these hidden Subterranean darker paths that there were these these more um, you know He would say through the tunnels of set who you know kind of not unrelated to satan that he would use to be in Contact with stuff so long story short with the with the numogram and the way lan uses it uh What's important here from just a weirdness perspective? You've got you know a way to contact heaven but more importantly a way to contact hell and you've got You know the eighth gate and the ninth gate the ninth gate not quite related But not unrelated to the roman planski johnny depp movie the ninth gate where you know depp's character comes in contact with hell So what they believe is they are literally contacting hell in some cases for divination purposes To see the future or just to just to see anything just to just for insight And that and that brings us back knowledge And he even has a point about the number six six six where a lot of these numbers he calls it theosophical math You have triangle numbers, which is you know, if you stack the if you stack these things like they're triangle Like the triangle number of nine is 45. That's why it's 45 there. Uh, there are only so many triangle numbers. One of them is 60 666 and that is the triangle number of 36 which is an important part of the numogram So lan when lan realized this he was like, of course, it's 666 So like what i'm getting at you are getting involved in heavily Wildly luciferian stuff and land on this podcast He says well, what about people who say you're communicating with satan which land will also talk about being, you know in communication satan He'll say christians who say that he goes. I am not unsympathetic towards that He goes they're they're more right than most because I am in contact with something from the outside He goes and you know, so You know, I just can't overstate how disqualifying I find that um I mean, I feel sorry for anyone who plays around with that stuff tuckers out of the interview. He's like, okay No, no, no, no, but i'm just saying like anyone who says, you know, I really get a lot of inspiration from a guy Who's controlled by satan? You know, i'm gonna leave it to god to decide, you know what happens to that person but That person has disqualified himself totally in my view as someone I will listen to I don't want to be led by that person Like we should run away from that person at high speed Typically also don't want to put them in charge of your kids typically but uh, you know Well, that's kind of it and it's so funny you you hear people I get Let you know written letters from people a lot every day And half of them are like I feel like this country or this world is controlled by satanists And i'm one lover you're like, oh come on But no, I think they can feel that there are spiritual roots to the destruction of the west. Oh, totally totally I mean, no, and they're right No, you're fighting a spiritual battle. You start playing with this stuff. Is it surprising that people are like oding on fentanyl on the sidewalk In our nation's capital or that we've imported like a million haitians like what what what is all that? Well, of course, it's punishment especially with the drugs, you know, yeah What we consider just letting people harm themselves as a kind of compassion or freedom, you know We can step in and say this is not any sort of good freedom to let people just destroy themselves Well, of course it's not but it's I mean it's like it's evil, right? Obviously Letting people kill themselves is evil if a man's standing on a bridge and gonna jump and you can pull him back and you don't Right, right. What is that? You're saying on some sort of freedom thing this this gets us into The the antichrist question which has been going on in silicon valley. What okay before we even get into Before we get into the antichrist. What is the antichrist the antichrist? in the same way the figure of Of a messiah or christ is prefigured in the bible Throughout the old testament you have types you have You have figures and stories and symbols and they're they're real people But they still prefigure the figure of jesus the most famous of which is joseph where joseph famously has 12 brothers They are all named after the eventual tribes of israel He is sold into slavery that you know by one of the brothers the one that decides to do that Is judah, you know judah translated into greeks. No judas so Judah like judas says hey i've been on you let's just sell this guy. It's horrible Joseph is sent, you know He goes to prison like jesus on the cross with the two thieves Joseph is with the two prisoners They're asked famously, you know, what will come of me? They say you're a dreamer and joseph says to one of them He says he says to one of them you're gonna have your you know, you're decapitated, you know You're gonna have your head taken off only at a birthday party birthday parties By the way only mentioned twice in the bible both time to capitations in that story in genesis and then with john the baptist You know and salamang but um So anyway, so but like like with jesus joseph says to the other guy he goes you will actually be lifted up by pharaoh He says to one of the prisoners you will be lifted up This in many ways prefigures jesus talking with the two thieves Joseph and jesus where he says to one of the thieves, you know, you will be with me in paradise He says that to one of them and then like with jesus joseph, you know, he's now become he's now at the right hand of The father so to speak is the right hand of egypt. He's the second in command And the 12 brothers who are now in peril, uh during the seven years of famine coming up and you know They're gonna be arrested they see that the man that they rejected Joseph is that this is the man they're talking to they thought he was dead. He is their savior Yeah, but he was not just their savior But it was the one that they rejected previously that that uh juda specifically judas was one that he betrayed and had the idea of getting rid of them But this is the man that will save them in the bible That story prefigures a lot of the doctrines surrounding jesus where the 12 tribes of israel come to realize that the one that they had Rejected is actually their savior and there's this tremendous sense of You know, what have we done? But also like relief that that that the savior so recognizes them. In other words the joseph story Prefigures the jesus story. Yeah, so the other main prefiguring figure in the bible is antichrist and uh aspects of him, um, you know, we obviously in what's called the new testament, but um, You know arthur pink has a book from 100 years ago the antichrist which is very influential in evangelical circles And author pink was also a theosophist too So you you get into this kind of back side of the same doctrines type stuff. He previously was a theosophist but you know whether it's um Pharaoh being a type of antichrist um, and again in in in exodus the the nine plagues pharaoh in revelation That you know the plagues come back now you have antichrist pharaoh is persecuting the jewish people Now the antichrist is persecuting the jewish people Um, do you essentially the antichrist is this mysterious figure? Prefigured in the bible. He's not quite known but in the same way The old testament prophets were familiar with the concept of a messiah, but didn't know he would be jesus so moderns today are Similarly aware of the concept of an antichrist without being fully aware of who he will actually be but they they have clues and Doctrines about who he is that that is a rough some would say very rough Um concept of of the antichrist, but that that is essentially him in the bible As as a type of person so but he is essentially the uh, unlike jesus Man of sorrows totally rejected by the world the antichrist will be regarded as a savior a hero And uh temporarily will be received like jesus. Uh, you would thought would be received so, um about Three years ago as I was doing the shows I was talking with these these vcs And um one of them asked me like what's your take on crypto? And um, I I joked Half-joked I was like you're asking the wrong guy about crypto and money and stuff like that and I said, well, you know a lot of christians believe that the um The vaccine the covid vaccine is the mark of the beast and I said, yeah, it's probably not true I said, but um something i've heard something that sounds a lot more like it is um blockchain technology Which is the technology we'll all be using in a few years. Um, you know for financial transaction among other things it's everything's written and recorded and uh every kind of transaction is written recorded on it and uh, these vcs they go What's the mark of the beast? So I tell them about book of revelation. They go and look up revelation 13 And they go, huh? And so I hear back from them later and they said yeah We talked to some of the big you know other big people in silicon valley about this recognizable people And they they he said well, what's the what's the book of revelay? What's the mark of the beast? and some other big dogs looked it up and their reaction to that was Huh? That sounds like what that is It was not tucker That sounds crazy or i'm not religious or what we're working on is strange Uh, but you know that the bible is an old book. We have nothing to worry about there The reaction was yeah, that sounds exactly like what what the blockchain technology is So that was the beginning of me kind of stumbling into a very strange story about uh ai Modern technology and stuff like that um, so I think part of what you're revealing is that for the rest of us who assumed the tech barons were normies Yeah, or agnostic libertarians, right? Who aren't that interested in anything beyond the temporal right it turns out they're really religious Yes, or we're open to it like they Not and I don't mean that as a compliment at all. I mean, it's it's like a dark religion, but but like You're the story you just told like they're not surprised at all. Well, here's here's something else to this version as it happens So mark and reese was on joe rogan's podcast about a year or two ago And he talked about how you know having an understanding of angels and demons he's hearing it's going to be how people really will Will help them understanding ai that there's no precedent for this Except for the kind of stuff people saw and believed in the dark ages in terms of angels and demons and stuff And what indreessen said will happen soon with ai ties in very much with uh prophecies in the book of revelation where he said ai will Junk, you know fake ai You know, they call it ai slop just stuff online. It's not real, you know will become so prolific on the internet very soon That you will need to have some sort of online verification system to prove who you're talking to I mean I'll know it gets to the case talker here where like there's an episode that took a carlson podcast and you're talking to like Abraham lincoln or something like that, which i'm will probably happen next week. I would watch that, you know They'll have like a commemorative penny or something like that. You'll ask him if he why did you suspend habeas corpus in baltimore? My first question you'll ask him. Do you do you forgive john wooks booth? And then i'll go back to like talking about the pennies. Were you a tyrant? Um, no, uh That is coming like immediately so what So the verification so so one of the so one of the ideas that indreessen brings up is everyone will need to have an online Verification for this so the concern in silicon valley is that you have companies like open ai where they have the They they're creating all this ai content But then they're also they have another company a sister company called world coin I think now called just world which is an online verification system where you need to everyone in the you know for it to work Everyone has to be a part of it. You have to have your eyeballs scanned everyone gets a number Which is also in the book of revelation And so the concern is and this is again from mark andreessen a guy that you know, no no kentucky preacher He's he's a uh, one of the big biggest guys in silicon valley Is that everyone will need to be on the blockchain? Or else you won't be able to conduct business because we won't know if you're if your relatives are contacting you if that's really coming From them or if this is just a video Uh state of the art in a few years. It will be normal state of the art video of someone saying hey dad You know, I lost my credit card or you know, I lost the keys to the house. Can you pin me in? And it's actually not them. It's just a video that looks exactly like them But say I the way around that is everyone will need to essentially be twitter verified Everyone will need the blue tick that says this is tucker carlson. This is so and so right so in revelation written on the isle of patmos by john Uh on recording a vision that he had The specific description of the mark of the beast in the book of revelation says you won't be able to conduct commerce Yes, without that mark and even someone like um, is it did I get that right? Yeah, no that that that is correct. And I think um, kurtis yarvans talked about that in sub stack too that What this means he had a post about this a few years ago about open ai where he was like Whoever wins the ai war will probably also win the cryptocurrency war their cryptocurrency gets to be the currency And once that happens and kurtis has a whole blog post about it you you people joke, you know You have automated luxury communism, you know Everyone just get you know ubi everyone gets free income because all the jobs are taken away And what and the point kurtis makes is that what this actually means is now that there is no more jobs and that Economics purely come down to ubi and the ai companies for the government You are dealing with the situation of pure political power is all that really matters and are you friends with this person? Do you have political clout? Because what is coming potentially is the pure victory of capital over labor? Your victory and There there are no workers everyone loses their job and everyone gets ubi and people forget carl marx was against ubi But milton friedman was for it So this doesn't even necessarily track with a left or right wing thing in terms of the implications of this But uh, so yeah, that was one ongoing concern with um that the other one in terms of ai and go ahead dark Hey, you know that that's um, i'm wearing the ghostbuster shirt for a reason you have to you have to get ready Can I ask a question I should have asked earlier which is do the people involved in the financing and the developing the creation of ai? believe That it's a spiritual entity that it's more than a machine. So this is this is talking a million Forgot like trillion dollar question The term the idea of intelligence to say nothing of artificial general intelligence or agi These are all pretty murky terms in terms of what people are actually talking about they talk about creating Artificial intelligence the real question and the real thing I think they're concerned about or we should be concerned about Are you creating an artificial intelligence or are you giving a body to a pre-existing? Intelligence that previously wasn't incarnated in the physical world So, I mean here's a question from uh, here's a quote from turing the uh, you know the famous I know what I think the question is what do they think right? Right? Um, something turing said was uh, And will you explain who turing is I mean I know he's uh, you know, he was one of the forefathers of I can't I can't articulate him well enough that i'm gonna say something off. Yeah I knew he was very important, uh for cracking the codes in world war two There was a movie 10 years ago about him, but I forget his exact, uh, wikipedia for a sentence but he but um, he's he's very influential in the history of computer science but um Turing showed the limits of computation Uh, all computers are dependent on outside programmers that he calls or oracles He wrote we shall not go any further into the nature of this oracle apart from saying that it cannot be a machine so Sorry, let me back up. Let me back up a second that that excerpt right there was from a book by george gilder george gilder brilliant futurist, uh about 80 today he was covering incels back in like 1971 for commentary magazine he was he was writing about the future of the internet in 1990 one of the most brilliant Futurists really? Yeah guys wrote one of the great books ever called men and marriage Yes, and and I should have said this at the beginning of it I was initially a very heavy ai skeptic in terms of ai apocalypse stuff Not necessarily ai in general but just you know People who think that ai will take over the world I put on par with like the kind of late night reddit reading of like People who think zombie apocalypse is going to happen Where it's like look if this helps you sleep better at night to think of like weird scenarios, that's great But I was like han solo i'm like i'm like no ai things gonna get involved in my you know Could not have written off more and part because i'd read george gilder's book Um about ai that came out a few years ago and he makes the point that machines As as turing says here, uh Machine the machine can't really truly understand what it's doing. He says and he said i'll say it again We shall not go any further into the nature of this oracle from saying a machine can't do it. And so I stopped there What i'm what a lot of people are concerned about and what with silicon valley seemingly getting up to Okay, so a machine can't be aware of what it's doing If there is such a thing as demons angels spirits as algercully called them Disincarnate intelligences not artificial intelligences intelligences, but disincarnate ones What are we uh, could those things those incarnate meaning intelligence without a physical body? Yeah, are could could could we be creating a physical body? For the demonic and with nick land one of the things that was the most chilling things I read that really I was like Okay, I have found a horror story is um His the three three three that was his I think it was like his profile picture something like that And why was he into three three three? Well, I found out, you know reading his old tweets three three three is the highest intelligence in the universe And I found out that um, it represents this demon karenzen Again, kenneth grant talks about you know when you when alicer crulley summoned him and uh, john d and john kelly the the court magicians for queen elizabeth right before the modern bible the king james Book was translated that was the demon they summoned Nick land believes that again the ai we are creating Break out the the demons from the book of revelation He believes in some cases that they are the demons that the demons the demons end up becoming so advanced That they become omniscient They can go back in time and they can retro chronically create themselves like skynet sending the terminator back in time So what he believes is that they went back in time. They went to ancient babalon This is why babalon is so important in revelation and it is important because it's kind of like the evil jerusalem that they put kabbalah there To then eventually evolve into ai this is what we were talking about earlier that the demons again This is I always say if this sounds crazy, it is crazy Big but you know this is what people believe that the the demons went back in time They they left the kabbalah there for the the jews who have been, you know crushed out of the temple They picked it up. They kept it during the middle ages. It develops into digital technology It becomes ai ai breaks out. It kills a lot of people it takes over it becomes a god and it becomes The doomsday creatures from ancient prophecies. Yes you an unrelated question. Of course long wondered about So we occupied babalon for close to 20 years during the iraq war obviously babalon Right near baghdad babalon is not in existence now. It's a it's a ruin But we know where it was. It was a dominant empire in the ancient world You know, it was the scene of the of the captivity After the destruction of the temple of first temple. So I mean it has a central place in world history Was there any effort during the u.s occupation of iraq to to excavate babalon? That's a good question. I always wondered that I always felt that the fact that babalon was there played a role Supplied part of the motive for the invasion. I don't know why I felt that way. Maybe i'm crazy I don't think I am well, you still know what people are getting up to and that's some enemy You're up that goes back to we're talking about with, you know My my grandfather and my grandparents being in publicity acting and your own backstory with um Uh your family where it's like you learn early on that what is not what the people magazine version of reality is often not real It doesn't necessarily mean it's conspiratorial or crazy, but it's there's always usually something else going on. Yeah, and and yeah Yeah, that's exactly right and that people's motives are sometimes unknown even to them like we tell ourselves stories that are not don't Reflect the truth actually where we don't really know why we're motivated to do things some of the time totally and that that's gets Into something that's at the spiritual core of the ai. I think it's very interesting Is that you know the bible talks about the word in the beginning of john in the beginning was the word jesus is the word And for the first time in civilization, we have something that can create the word or mimic the word uh marshal mcclellan people forget, you know, he was a uh, he became a catholic for the end of his life and he You know, he was very alarmed by Uh a lot of the modern technology he said and i'll read this quote by him here He said electric information environments being utterly ethereal fosters the illusion of a world as spiritual substance It is now a reasonable Uh copy of the mystical body a blatant manifestation of the antichrist So for the first time with with the word you have a fake word You have something that seemingly can create words and to go back to nick land who a previous tucker interview alexander Dugin is a dugin. Yes hacksaw alexander dugin Um, he uh, he he called it satanism. He said oh yeah nick land goes that's satan satanism and nick land has said about dugin He's like he's the most brilliant enemy. He goes we we're both kind of theosophists and they both are he goes But we see it from different sides. He goes i'm an atlanticist He's uh, whatever the other side is of course. He's an atlantis. Yeah, of course They all are but uh, but to go back really quick to the to the uh, because can I just say I think the whole Modern program which doesn't yet have a very accurate name whether it's globalization or the neocons or neoliberalism, I mean, you know people have attached different terms to describe different parts of it, but the whole program is is Recognizable like it's it's it's cohesive in a way that's hard to describe But it's you know, we hate putin above all what is that? Right? that program The one that has resulted in like record suicides and abortions and fentanyl ods Is demonic, right? Okay, but right you're saying it's it's not actually about profit it's about destruction Well, you're getting into a great point here Which is you know, the world is obviously deteriorating and something people can could hear me and think well con is obviously anti ai And that's to look at this that ai is obviously going to lead to nothing profitable That is actually the opposite of the implications of this it's really important One of the things that the antichrist can do is craft prospers under him That you know, uh, there's worldwide peace things go really really well for a time evil reigns like never before You know people you know, it gets crazy, but he's able to heal the world in a lot of these, you know The economic situation so if you look at ai and this is this is newspaper eschatology A lot of the stuff you're not supposed to just generally be doing is read the newspaper and be like, ah, obviously the antichrist but um, you know, I have you know What i've chosen to do uh with a lot of this stuff Uh with ai if if it was the antichrist if it was this and again take take this with all the grain or a bag Of salt wherever you want It would go incredibly well that we would live to see what mark andresen has talked about the golden age that that we will see Living standards increased at rates. You'll never see the cost of all kinds of things would go down Uh, you know, you would have world peace in the sense of all of the governments would come under these very few corporations slash corporation one guy, you know One man would have all that power to quote. Um another guy Uh, you you would have that happen so uh One of the reasons people think that ai could be the anti it could be part of the antichrist system One of the traits the antichrist has is his ability to understand dark sentences And the use of dark sentences in the bible the verb there one of the only times two or three times it's used It's used for samson with his riddles. Remember samson He loves to have like these riddles and make the philistines try to solve them But it's also the the verb used for um for being able to answer questions that solomon can do When the queen of sheba visits him you may remember when she the queen of sheba visits solomon She has these questions for him and he he has such powers of understanding So that is something that says the antichrist can do and if you look at the way that um that A lot of these machines work you you ask it a question like an oracle Which in many ways it is in many ways talk of the implications of this and we'll talk about that in a second You want uh, we are building modern oracles and we are building modern idols in a sense But you ask it these questions and it can answer them and the antichrist can do that and so Uh, you know he he the the level of knowledge that we will get and people writing about this over a century ago tucker It'll be like jesus is on earth in terms of man's understanding of himself that ai will be able to provide Answers to questions that we've never understood man's relationship What's the relationship of the soul to the body? How's the soul different from the spirit things that like no one could understand? You know maybe cracking telepathy We probably are on the verge of all these things that no one has been able to do But that is for what it's worth one of the signs of the antichrist is craft, you know things work out for a time Everyone, you know wealth goes up Understanding knowledge goes up and it goes to the fundamental crux of this thing narcissism knowledge intelligence And in what ways does it stand different from faith faith being to the spiritual world with the imagination is to the natural world So i've got to assume that's not the end of the story though No, not unless you've had the last few pages of your bible ripped out right And but also not I mean you don't have to be biblically literate to suspect that that's just a point on a continuum That ends in tragedy so in the same way that no one wants to say it but like A lot of really dark destructive sex stuff is fun while it's going on Right, like everyone likes the threesomes while they're happening, but then it blows up your marriage And leaves your kids without, you know a family and stuff like that So again, i'm more mario my my knowledge for this stuff is just really through literature But even the kind of people I know and hang out with i'm just I don't know But it's just true, I don't know. I guess you're not supposed to say stuff like that, but I've just No, no people people get up to bad stuff and and it like I know but it never ends Well, I guess what i'm saying is that things that are bad and destructive Cocaine is a perfect example. Right vodka is a great example are pretty fun at some point Oh, totally on the continuum right and again, I know about this through literature. Yeah. Yeah Power of film, right? Okay, but Is the the only reason i'm bringing this up is because You're describing the upside right right, but i'm assuming based on A knowledge of human nature and reality that like that's not the end of the story. The end of the story is bad Yes, I mean and this is I mean again, i'm not a biblical scholar as some people are probably now very You know, they're saying oh no kidding. He's not but uh You know the antichrist makes a treaty with israel. He famously breaks it the fact that we're letting ai companies Run through our government governments and I use open ai just and you know, it's like saying photoshop for um For photo editing where there's like open ai.gov or whatever that we're giving backdoor access Elon too with those to an extent we're letting guys have entire backdoor access to our entire Uh Government that creates a situation where they can have power over all governments simply because they have all the information on all of them Can I ask a foundational question that I should have asked earlier? So the idea behind machine learning is that you take Knowledge information created by people right? And you basically take all of it And then out of that comes the right answer. Okay, but I think you're describing in your description of ai A technology where the answer where the sum total that information is actually bigger Than just the information. Yeah, you're describing like Uh a husk Into which like an independent spirit Moves right? Well, that's the thing to go back to silicon valley's obsession with the the antichrist people talking about that Just in general and I mean people understand what I think the world's ending across the political divide Uh people talk about the antichrist, but you know there is in the bible a kind of dark trinity father son Holy holy spirit where there is um, you know, you have god the father you've got the son jesus You've got the holy spirit and in revelation you theoretically have Father you're you're your father the devil you have a satan you have a son Antichrist and then you've got this third thing which could either be like the false prophet or it could be this general spirit With ai and the idea of making agi and making a global brain which they talk about like last week that's where we're creating a global brain you could be creating the equivalent of a Dark, holy spirits something that the the internet becomes as many people have written I think it was jack good the last machine and they were talking about this in the 19th century It's the it is the machine to end all machines It is taking all information if you're wearing something that has your health data tucker has taking your health it knows your financials It knows everything at all times. It is all knowing in the same it it mimics or mocks the concept of the holy spirit And when they talk about that like there's this idea of the singularity the idea when all things will be one And you know, there's a lot of definitions for this but either that the machine becomes smarter than humans But a lot of them talk about this moment where all of humanity is connected at the same time What you're essentially talking about is a potentially dark or satanic version of the day of pentacost where 50 days after christ's death I believe or maybe it's the resurrection The holy spirit comes down in the book of acts and all believers can understand each other You had a you had a sense of divine unity Unlike the tower of babel and genesis I believe 11 you had a symbol of evil unity and god put an end to all of men could understand the same language There were all nations Uh, and they were trying to you know, be like god by ascend by building this tower Stanley kubrick in a in this book in this kafka Retelling of the tower of babel stanley kubrick wrote in the margins. He goes the tower of babel was the beginning of the space age Because it's essentially getting after what we're doing today with the singularity and a lot of this stuff We're trying to build a modern babel where all of mankind same language I mean there was this um this writer nicolas eberstadt I believe is his name and he wrote these two books one about the end of work men not working and the other ones about the Decline of babies no one having babies anymore And I I met him at this thing and I joked to him I said, you know your last two books they're about The reversal of the uh, the curses from eden the man would have to work by the sword of his brow And the women would have to be have children and he busted out laughing because I never thought he goes I never noticed that that's that's what's going on So if you look at the modern world and what we're building essentially what's happening in rapid succession tucker within living memory Uh, some of the curses that are in the bible that go back to the earliest pages of humanity are being eroded or reversed Leading up to something People no longer have to work or they don't work they choose not to work but increasingly with ai man will not have to work again Having children through the pain of labor women will have to have children Either through not just modern medicine the people just not having kids that is also being eroded The curse in the tower of babel that all people would speak different languages thanks to ai I was with some friends, you know, they're spanish speaking that they don't speak english I was putting on the uh, some some glasses and showing them that I can understand you and you can try the glasses on you Can understand me the language barrier again the earliest Curses and barriers from the tower of babel are all now being reversed the concept of the singularity when all will be one and man, uh, you know Will finally fulfill what he tried to do in babel and they talk about this That's what they are attempting to do and I forgot to bring this up earlier, but this is the time we kind of show it This is um, people can't probably can't see it if they're just listening to the audio This is from fritz lang's metropolis filmed from almost a hundred years ago to the to the year Um in very influential in star wars the way they they bring the machine to life tucker They've got a big old pentagram there. So this idea of using spirituality Using the occult to bring the machine to life to bring the golem to life. It is very old last question You've described some of the most powerful people in the world using occult concepts and religions In order to accrue power to themselves Everyone senses that's happening you're confirming that it is in fact happening What are the forces in opposition to that and to all of this? I mean are they gaining strength or they just supine and defeated? No, I I mean, um, I think you know god is sovereign and that's something to remember for all this stuff You know what i'm describing in many ways sounds like a horror movie But horror is a genre as a world where there are devils but there is no god and there's no one in control of stuff Where there's just there's just terror but there's no way out of it God uses all things for his purposes. And so in the case of this stuff Uh, you know things are you know, pretty preordained by things are preordained by god So god is allowing these things to happen. There are also many tools used for his purposes so, you know even the antichrist and even brutally evil things Uh god is you know, he is not only allowing these things to happen But they're also tests of faith faith is that it's the it's the disappearance of god from your life when you go through Times of struggle where it feels like he's not there and that's all the more Powerful for to see how much faith you have is to see god when he's no longer seeable Yes, so that's what's happening or you could say it's happening on a global scale in the specific case of the mark of the beast described in revelation as I recall you probably read it more recently than I but It's mark without which you cannot conduct commerce. So basically everyone's compelled To receive the mark, but those who receive the mark make a big mistake in receiving it. Right? Yeah Yes, and they are punished for it Big in a big way, right? So if we get to a place in the next couple of years sounds like we are where you can't participate digitally in commerce or in communications without the mark of the beast without the You know permanent mark on the blockchain Like what's your option? I mean your option is just not to conduct business and do those things I mean god will find a way for those people even if it's you know, the end of their lives that that's that's just the way That's going to shake down So like that's a hard no Yeah, well For you, is it a hard no if you found out tomorrow no more amazon for you Unless you register on the blockchain. What what's your response? I'll just go back to living like people did back in the old days of 1996. You just uh, Read a book, I guess no, I mean What will probably happen too is uh, you will have people in tech and I know they exist Who are alarmed by this who will intentionally devise ways around this for people? Similar to people creating catacombs for the persecuted christians in the early days of the roman empire You will have people who will find ways around this to hack it. Do you know non-occultists? Do you know christians in tech? I thought you were saying general. I'm like, yeah Do you know anyone who's not into weird stuff? I'm like, yeah um Yeah, yeah, I know people like that and I've heard people who I've got a friend Tucker who um You know, he's he's become a christian in recent years and he he works he works for some of the big big companies And he said he goes some of what and he's you know, works as an engineer He's like some of the stuff that you see cannot be explained through normal Math material stuff some of the stuff that's coming through and you know for people coming through from ai Yeah coming through from ai and and for people who want to learn more about this stuff Uh, or a good precedent for this. We don't have time to go into it. Uh, something that um, The oracle of the astral force it was a uh divination technique That like right wing occultists rene guinard julius ebola people at steve bannons into um, they were uh, they would consult about a hundred years ago and you would give it some of your you know Your your name your mother's maiden name and then um, maybe your birthday And then this guy would go off into advanced math for at least three hours and come back to you with answers And were those answers always great? No, but were they enough that people would like it and use it. Yes guinard and and eva did it so And if you read some of the the way the answers it gives it's very similar to ai So I bring that up in terms of the implications of this which is really important to cover We are building modern oracles in a sense and that people are going to be going crazy from this the wall street journal I showed this earlier that the thing of people going crazy with the um with with uh talking to chachi pt Uh, ironically enough some of the stuff they mentioned they mentioned star seeds, which is a something from a timothy larry channel book He wrote in prison in 1972. It's very out there and um, they're mentioning, you know, the the ant this is from wall street journal again The antichrist will come up from the pit in two months and people are people are underground ready to emerge I bring that up tuckered. These are like old occult ideas from the 19th century that uh, you know Look up people can look up synarchy my my friend rick spence does a whole episode of that on his podcast strange as it seems uh, synarchy total government and uh These are cult con these are cult ideas as my friend rick spence said when I talked to him about nick land He said none of this stuff is really that new he goes. These are just these are occult concepts given a techno jargon name Conrad flint. Thank you. Can I plug my uh, subsequently quick? I hope you will. Okay. Yeah, so I'm i'm gonna be doing a launching my sub stack soon if you like reading about uh, you know secret histories It's not all weird stuff. Some of it's wholesome. Most of it will be wholesome. It's all wholesome. Uh secret history is about hollywood Uh some politics some tech stuff. I think we're going with the the flint effect because the other um, The other sub stack names that were puns on my name all sounded like little brother magic show stuff It's like conjurer or you know context Um configures and i'm like this is magic show stuff. Um, so yeah flint effect and i'll have that and I think we'll probably also get The rock and the occult podcast We're still trying to do that, but we should have some episodes soon If nothing is a podcast soon with again tom orla wine greg johnson su kelinsky gary lockman all those all the legends net ragget Thank you. Thank you So it turns out that youtube is suppressing this show on one level that's not surprising that's what they do but on another level It's shocking with everything that's going on in the world right now all the change taking place in our economy And our politics with the wars on the cusp of fighting right now Google has decided you should have less information rather than more and that is totally wrong. It's immoral What can you do about it? Well, we could whine about it. That's what we're doing What can you do about it? Well, we could whine about it. That's a waste of time We're not in charge of google or we could find a way around it a way that you could actually get information that is true Not intentionally deceptive the way to do that on youtube We think it's to subscribe to our channel subscribe hit the little bell icon to be notified when we upload and share this video That way you'll have a much higher chance of hearing actual news and information. So we hope that you'll do that