All right, you guys, happy Thursday. Last show until I take a much needed break and it's gonna be a good one. As always, as we continue this investigation, we are definitively getting closer. So what do we recall? Well, we were told that Charlie just had healthy bones, that it was a miracle that the gun did not take his neck out and that his spine somehow stopped it. I can now officially debunk that Marvel storyline and therefore we focus our investigation on what actually happened on 910 because I have new information and I'm presenting it to the public today. Plus that are on the show, Josh Hammer has emerged. He's the one that thinks that all white men, all white European men are anti-Semitic. Well, he is now releasing text messages between him and Charlie that literally prove absolutely nothing other than that Josh Hammer is a dummy and didn't realize that the text messages make his storyline somehow even less credulous. Good news is that he at least didn't plug his book. Welcome back to Candice. ["The Last Supper"] ["The Last Supper"] All right, you guys, where to begin? Obviously we have a lot to unpack before I go on vacation. I'm looking forward to reading. I'm also looking forward to processing a lot of the information that is coming to me and researching more. The place that we should start on today's show is with, well, I first and foremost have to tell you right at the top. I can't tell you exactly who the information came from or which parties were involved in giving me this information because I don't want to get anybody in trouble. But I can say that I have positively verified something about the injury that Charlie sustained to his neck that I think is going to go a very long way in terms of helping those of us who have been sleuthing, those of us who want answers, those of us who are dedicating our time to this because what we are being told by the authorities beggars belief, as John and Irina Mappin said, it just simply beggars belief. We also want to make sure that we are presenting evidence and debunking one another where we can so that all of us can collectively zero in and build upon whatever facts we have in this decentralized investigation. This is about the injury, okay? So Andrew Colvett was, I can tell you, telling the truth in part when he wrote that very long tweet in which he tried to explain why there was no exit wound. You recall this, a long story short, he said, I'm going to read it. I want to address some of the things that the lack of an exit wound, about the lack of an exit wound with Charlie. I'm usually not interested in delving into most of this kind of online chatter and I apologize if this is somewhat graphic, but in this case, the fact that there wasn't an exit wound is probably another miracle and I want people to know. I just spoke with the surgeon who worked on Charlie in the hospital. He said the bullet absolutely should have gone through, which is very normal for a high powered, high velocity round. I've seen wounds from this caliber many times and they always just go through everything. This would have taken a moose or two down, an elk, et cetera, but it didn't go through. Charlie's body stopped it. I mentioned to his doctor that there were dozens of staff, students and special guests standing directly behind Charlie on the other side of the tent and he replied, it was an absolute miracle that someone else didn't get killed. His bone was so healthy and the density was so, so impressive that he's like the man of steel. It should have just gone through and through. It likely would have killed those standing behind him too. In the end, the coroner did find the bullet just beneath the skin. Even in death, Charlie managed to save the lives of those around him, remarkable, miraculous. Now keep that up for just a second because it's really around here. His bone was so healthy and the density was so, so impressive that he's like the man of steel that we just went, mm, something's not right. Something's not right. A lot of stuff's not right. I just don't know why a surgeon would be saying something that actually only the medical examiner, somebody that specializes in forensics could really contribute. Yes, a surgeon can tell you, or actually any person with common sense can tell you that your bone density is better when you're younger, but this seemed a little bit too performative. Now I can tell you, the part that he is telling the truth about is that Charlie's neck indeed did stop the bullet without question, okay? And this is going to dispel a lot of theories that are out there. And I'm telling you this, 100%, Charlie Kirk was shot from the front and the bullet did not exit. And at least a fragment of the bullet was recovered from his neck. And I'm going to tell you exactly where it was recovered from. I have fact-checked this information from multiple sources now. I've actually been sitting on this for a little bit over a week, right around here. So think about almost in line with your shoulder blade right in the center. Now, why is that helpful? Because it gives us a bullet trajectory, okay? I went in here where you saw that and it was stopped and a fragment was pulled from think right, if you're just touching your spine in line with your shoulder blade. That leads us obviously to the part that he's maybe not being forthcoming about. They did not recover a bullet from a 30-06. They didn't recover a bullet from a 30-06, just didn't happen, okay? They found a 30-06 bullet, Charlie's death certificates certainly would have reflected that. In suicide situations, as just one example, medical examiners, feel free to chime in. I've spoken to quite a few, but when the gun and the bullet are known, they are reflected onto the death certificate, okay? There is not one reflected onto Charlie Kirk's death certificate because they did not recover a bullet from a 30-06. Hunters and military men rejoice. It turns out that common sense still rules the roost, okay? You guys were right. You were absolutely right. And this is why I hate politics because it requires us to submit to the idea that we were all somehow born yesterday, that it really can just, life really can just be a Marvel comic with people that are, I guess, a DC comic where there are men of steel that are able because they're young to stop 3,000 pounds of energy that is coming at them. That didn't happen. So where does that leave us guys? Well, the part that is now extraordinarily suspicious is that Andrew was claiming that he had a conversation with the surgeon who offered up the idea that it really was just your modern Christian miracle, that Charlie was just young and his bones had a lot of density, which made him stronger somehow than a Cape buffalo. Enough pushups and asparagus and you too can stop 3,000 pounds of energy coming at you. What are we to make of that? What are we to make of the fact that Charlie did not do that actually? It means that he was shot with a completely different kind of gun, obviously, okay? The kind where this would make sense and it didn't cut through him. The kind where it would make sense that outside of an artery effectively exploding from the front, there was, you know, his neck didn't explode, which that particular weapon that they were trying to tell us Charlie was killed with would have gone through about seven necks, okay? You will recall that throughout all of this or during this mayhem rather, there were people who were insisting, by the way, they were on the ground, the witnesses that were insisting that they heard multiple shots. That's another element of this. But those individuals were not the ones that were awarded with mainstream media interviews. In fact, one guy in this kind of went viral at the time even got pushed, physically pushed and was not given the ability to speak at all. They shut him up. It looked, if we were just examining the situation, it certainly looked like turning point employees or staff or students thugged him so that he wouldn't say what he thought happened. Let's take a listen to that clip that has gone viral. I was standing from probably the third row in the bottom. I saw him, I heard the shot ring out. I looked to my left and then I looked over to my right. I saw him slump over in his chair forward. He slumped over. He had blood coming from the left side of his neck, down his shirt and he slumped over and he was carried off. Get off me. Get off me. Emotions are running high right now. Certainly emotions were running high. He was just trying to speak and to say what he saw. And interestingly though, if you think through what he said there, he said I was in the third row, right? And a shot ring out and I looked to my left and I looked to my right. Now we're not specific on where exactly he was standing, but if a shot, a high powered rifle came from 250 yards behind you, you'd probably look back first, right? Like common sense, if you heard the sound coming from behind you, you would look back, probably even before your brain came online, your instinct would be to duck and to make sure that you're not going to get hit by something that's coming from behind you. Now to clarify immediately here and to again debunk some other internet conspiracy theories, that is not Andrew Colvett in that video. A lot of people were like, is this Andrew Colvett from Turning Point USA hiding under a hat? It is not true. I spoke to Andrew on this actual day. He definitively flew in to Utah after the shooting took place. He was not therefore on the ground. But the person that is in that video, as soon as I just put up a picture and I said, I'd like to identify this person, his friend first left a nasty comment, why are you trying to look out for this guy? He did the right thing. How dare we ask questions? How dare we try to get testimony from anybody else that day? Kind of then messages me privately because I reached out and I'm like, I'm just trying to confirm the story and I reached out and he says to me, well, and I'm paraphrasing here, he doesn't want to speak to you. He doesn't want to speak to media because he's been instructed not to speak to media because he's gotten the Turning Point chapter into trouble before for speaking out in the media and he just doesn't want to do that. And I said, that seems very strange to me. What are you saying to me? You have a TPUSA person who can't speak out about things. There were tons of people that were talking about their testimonies. It's very odd. In the immediate aftermath of the shooting, you're telling me that Turning Point USA what sent around a text and said, nobody speaks to the media. That was his excuse by the way for why he shut that guy up. People were saying, oh, you know, they're not allowed to speak to the media. So they were just doing what they were told. Well, then it's kind of interesting, you should know, but I then determined that the person doing the shoving is first and foremost, not a Turning Point USA employee. He is beyond that, not a student at UVU. He is not a Turning Point USA student, therefore either. He was actually brought in as a volunteer, which I found to be quite strange. I feel like, look, I've done a lot of campus stops and typically it's the chapter of that school that does everything. It's the chapter that handles everything. Now, bigger events, they certainly work with other organizations and it's possible, I guess. It registered to me as odd that a volunteer would have the courage to shut down a kid that's speaking in that way, in that aggressive manner. I would imagine Turning Point would tell their volunteers not to get physical with students on campus. But what do I know? I just have common sense. Now, how do I know that he is not a Turning Point USA employee and he is not a UVU or Turning Point USA student? Well, because despite him stopping a college kid from speaking about what he heard, that young man whose name is Cooper, and I'm very comfortable telling you this because, well, he went on Fox News that very night to provide eyewitness testimony to exactly what he heard and what he saw because apparently he was the person that was holding the mic when the shot rang out. Take a listen to what he told Jesse Waters on the night of. Cooper Brown was an event volunteer who was just feet away from Charlie when he got shot. Cooper, what happened? Yeah, so this requires a little bit of background knowledge, but so I work for an organization called Leadership Institute. And what we do is we work hand in hand with all the different conservative coalition groups on college campuses. So the Young Americans for Liberty, the Students for Life, and the Turning Point USAs. And so at Utah Valley, we had been really, really excited to be able to host Charlie Kirk this semester. And we had spent weeks and weeks and weeks getting volunteers, advertising for this event, and just so excited to be able to host Charlie Kirk at this university. And then unfortunately it had to end in absolute tragedy. So I'm trying to get in touch with this individual once I realized that not only did he speak the night of, he also spoke on Fox News the very next day, which would mean what did Turning Point USA, I don't know the answer to this, I'm asking genuinely, did they say speak to this person who's not actually a TPUSA student, but he was there? I don't know how this works. But the next day, sure enough, he appeared on Fox News again. And I'm not sure if we had that clip, Skyler, but if we do, let's roll it. That day we had 30 or so student volunteers that were designated roles that were gonna be helping pass out Turning Point USA merchandise and getting people signed up for the event. And my responsibility was when the event actually started to help manage just the microphone. So something simple as just raising it and lowering it, making sure students were able to speak into it clearly. And I thought this was a fantastic opportunity to be up really, really close, to be able to witness all the amazing dialogue that was gonna be happening on campus. Couple of things about Cooper Brown that to me is a bit of a mystery at this moment. First and foremost, you provide a witness testimony, you start doing the rounds on Fox News, you are fair game, okay? I'm going to start asking questions because I need to know everything. Everything's gotta fit neatly into my timeline. So in trying to reach out to him and in publicly posting, hey, I'm trying to identify this individual. I received a ton of emails. One email said, hey, I'm actually his cousin and here is his number. Now I noticed that that cousin happens to live in Phoenix, Arizona. So I went and just checked some profiles on social media. I found some Browns, but they were all living in Phoenix, Arizona. Okay, maybe this person's from Phoenix, Arizona. Well, actually, when I went through what he has as his resume on this website where he says that he works with this institute, I couldn't in fact check any of the things. Went to school, a minor, a very small college in New Hampshire. I'm from the Northeast. If you're going to school in New Hampshire, especially not the University of New Hampshire, you can go ahead and bet that you're going to be a local. So I'm looking for a kid that's from New Hampshire to go to this tiny school. I found someone from that name with his name, but it was actually a girl that had that name and graduated in the year of what he says that he graduated in. He doesn't look to me like he just graduated college, but according to his resume, he did. And the number that she gives me, which is the first thing that registers to me as odd, is it's a Utah. I mean, sorry, it's a Phoenix-based number. So I'm going, who is this person and why is it linking that number to somebody else who is 32 years old and has that same last name? I don't know. I intend to get those answers, but there's something here that strikes me as a little bit odd, especially given the fact that as a volunteer, as he expresses there, they decided to allow him to hold the microphone. That's supposed to be like kind of an honor at Utah events, Turning Point USA kids work really hard to put these events on. They decide who's going to hold the microphone. They went with a volunteer. I don't know, but I'm going to find out. Okay? I don't know, but I'm going to find out. So if you went to the Southern New Hampshire University with this Cooper Brown and you majored with him in politics and you can provide some insight, I'd like to hear from you. I am again, asking these questions publicly because we are getting no answers from Turning Point USA or the feds or anything that makes any practical sense in this scenario. Why was everything so brand new on this day? Now, for those of you that are still caught up in what I just told you, which is that for a fact, Charlie was shot from the front. So we know the bullet's directory. There's no games here. There's no magic bullets. It's a smaller weapon. Okay? Your ears didn't betray you. My ears didn't betray me. We definitely did hear a very recognizable sound of a rifle shot, but I'm telling you that Charlie wasn't hit with that rifle. And there is not a medical examiner's report or a death certificate, which will stipulate otherwise. It doesn't exist. So what exactly are the feds building their case on? Vibes or sheer corruption? Because I'm thinking it might be the latter and who would be the person that can make that fit? Look, I did receive a tip and guess what? There was another person in this never ending brand new cast of characters that was also involved in this story and this person in an email insisted to me that this is somebody that we should look further into. That's the medical examiner. It is a woman named Dr. Deidre Weiss Amaro. Deidre Weiss Amaro is her name and she blew in from California. She was announced as the new state medical examiner in May of 2024. I'm sorry, from Missouri. I think she also worked at some point in California and she was announced as the new Utah medical examiner, state Utah medical examiner in May of 2024. So I'm interested in learning as much as I can about this medical examiner. I'd like to know more about this medical examiner. And if you've got something, you know this more personally, got a story, please do send it to us at moretipsatcandisoens.com. Now it is possible given what we know about fed type operations and what we know about the JFK shooting, which we are still not allowed to tell the truth about, but we all know what the truth is, that there are often decoys, even decoy sounds that it is totally plausible that there were multiple people there that day who found out maybe even in the fine hour, which last hour, which one of them was going to take the shot, right? It is likely that a rifle was fired to muffle the sound of a smaller gun, which maybe actually kind of had to, if we're considering the trajectory that I'm telling you here to here, kind of had to come from the front of Charlie. And I will say that that is now my well-informed opinion, well-informed opinion that we are looking for a person that was a lot closer to Charlie and likely in the audience. And that goes a long way, by the way, in terms of trying to explain why they're maybe hiding the footage from behind Charlie's head. Maybe that is the reason that that footage was so crucial first and foremost, and there are tons of other cameras, that one gets grabbed first. It seems to me that there's a lot of hiding and there's definitively a lot of lying that's going on. I told you, Tyler Boyer lied, he just lied. The person who took the cameras down was absolutely not instructed to do so by law enforcement. He just wasn't, okay? So why say that? Also, why grab the one behind his head first? Of all the cameras, why that one first and foremost? And when I actually think about the clip that I was shown, it was more to the right. I actually feel that there is this remarkable blind spot on the left of Charlie, which is why I was asking anybody had footage, not footage if you're sitting there and taking footage this way. But if you are Charlie, I want to see what he would have seen looking slightly to his left. By the way, despite the fact that we had this amazing cast of characters, all these Caldera engineering connected people who made it to the mainstream media to talk about what they heard, there was actually one eyewitness there who could not be shoved out of the way and was able to make his way onto Fox News immediately after to provide a description of where he believed the shot came from and that's Jason Chavitz, right? Jason Chavitz is a former politician and a Fox News contributor who was a witness to this event because he is from Utah. He attended this event. He apparently was in communication with Charlie ahead of the event. And I have to say that if everyone that day, he's maybe the one of the few people that I would say on the mainstream media that seemed genuinely shaken by the event. He went live, was speaking through what he saw, what he heard, what he was expecting. And he was rebutting, because he was on a couple of shows, rebutting the idea that the shot was from far away. That's very interesting to consider. You've got a bunch of kids who are trying to speak and they're getting censored. Then you have a bunch of people that are giving a platform and they seem weird, right? Tiffany Barker on Good Morning America, vibes were weird there, okay? Not assigning any necessarily badness to her, but didn't feel right. Jason Chavitz, however, genuinely, when I looked at the footage, he seemed shaken by the event. And let's hear where Jason Chavitz says he believes the shot came from. Take a listen. Being there, seeing it within proximity, it seemed like it was a close shot. The venue is such that there's a four story building, which is the administrative building to the south. The other buildings around the site are not quite so high, but you could be on the second level and watch Charlie. The police had moved the people. There were some people that were above Charlie. So that awning that you're seeing there, there's a place to be there, but the police moved people out to the sides. And so you couldn't be right above where you were at. But if I had to guess, and again, it's still raw, but if I had to guess and give a police statement right here, right now today, see where that water is, it looked to me like it was in close proximity, straight ahead, right in that area. If I had to guess, again. Quite interesting. And then elsewhere, when he's on Fox News and people are saying the shot was from the Lozey building, he doesn't believe that. He doesn't believe that. By the way, Jason Chavitz, he's been honest about his background. His parents are in the government. They're literally in the FBI. So he's telling you that shot was closer. So what gives? Also, why is everybody telling lies? I wanna be very clear. It's possible that the people at Turning Point are simply terrified. That's definitely a possibility here. They are very much aware of what these people are capable of. And maybe they're just trying to get by and they're being told what to say and what to do, and they wanna keep the peace. But here's what I think may have happened. I think that accidentally, I accidentally ruined the Fed narrative. I think the plan was to never allow the back footage of Charlie to see the light of day. Never was allowed to see the light of day. That way, they were going to say that they recovered a 30.6 bullet, right? Instilling, we've covered a 30.6 bullet. They were, maybe when they were digging stuff up, and there it was, and it went through, we wouldn't have known, we would have been none the wiser, right? No one else is telling us anything or showing us anything. And I think they were going to say, or the other option, like it completely took his neck out. We wouldn't have been any wiser. But then I watched it, and the thing that jumped out at me was that not only did the bullet not pierce through, that there wasn't a single dot of blood on Charlie's bleach white shirt until he falls out of frame and onto the ground. I think we accidentally ruined what they were going to try to do to frame this. I think they wanted this to be a 30.6 narrative. And now they're going to have a lot of difficulty getting that through a courtroom. It panicked, they tried to explain it away. They're saying that it's a miracle. I don't think it is. It obviously was not a miracle. I think it is likely that what we should be looking for are two people that had weapons that day, somebody that was in the audience, somebody that was elsewhere with a rifle. That explains also why, by the way, when I take a look, there's so many adults, there's no UVU kids that were in the mainstream media. Cooper's not even a UVU kid, he's not a TPUS kid. Why were they not able to find UVU students to say what it is that they heard and what they saw that day? And what's really interesting is I told you guys already about Nick, who has been assisting me on the ground. And one of the first things he said to me was that I felt like they were coming around, the feds were coming around, and they were trying to implant memories into our heads. So he was like, I felt like there were these people walking around that we didn't recognize, and they were like, you heard one shot, you heard, we heard one shot, we heard one shot. And he's like, I know that sounds weird and conspiratorial, but it seems like they were trying to make us believe that this is what we heard. And it's interesting also because remember, when Phil Lyman gave us his footage and he walks outside of that building, the two now infamous goth girls who were not goth at all and they're just wearing black, they say that they heard two shots. They never made it to Fox News, they never made it to the mainstream media, but they too also said that they heard two shots. Take a listen. Oh my God. You see where that came from? It was right here, wasn't it? It was like over here. Yeah. What can I say guys? I think it's pretty obvious that our instincts about this have been correct from the very beginning. We probably need to be now looking for a shooter that was in the audience and to the left. I've seen you guys, I saw some guy, Alex Jones, I created like he created a whole web and explained and did this all on a computer of what, where the trajectory would have to go. We need you again, ballistic YouTubers, gun people, gun enthusiasts, military men, the people that they're discounting and saying, you have no right to get clicks. Please get clicks, explain to us what it is that you know in this decentralized intelligent agency, given the information that I am telling you, okay, that it had, unless we have a bullet that's doing the worm, like a WWE wrestler, okay, bullets fire straight. And this one went straight into the front left lower side of his neck, essentially exploded his artery and did not exit out of the back, but that is where a bullet fragment was found. So map it out for us. There's something else that I would like to point to that is getting interesting and that is regarding Caldera engineering. Now I said from the very beginning that this company was shady. It flagged me as weird. All I was trying to do at that point was not looking to Caldera engineering, but rather to track down the footage. Irwin Steel, this steel, so many steals were involved. Turns out the steals are big with Caldera engineering and things aren't adding up with this company, okay? It's just not adding up with this company. And I can tell you, I was receiving information from people who work with valves, who have been in the industry for 30 years, that live nearby. And so I have never heard of Caldera engineering. That's not normal. I've never heard of them. I've never worked with them. I've never received any of their valves. Something's not right here, right? I knew something wasn't right, but you can't just always go off of just, we know something's not right. We have to figure out what exactly it is that is incorrect here. Then I also decided to prod the narrative further. Another person gave us a tip and said, hey, did you know that there's literally someone who works at Caldera engineering who is a professional actor? Like no background engineering, went to school for theater, worked in theater, was involved in plays. I looked through everything, went through it. I'm like, this doesn't make sense. Why is he suddenly at Caldera engineering? Like not later in life, just like randomly on his resumes, Caldera engineering. Why are they hiring gay actors? I don't know. I don't know the answer to that. I'm telling you guys, what are the things that I have stumbled upon? Then somebody emailed us and this was strange. We have not been able to corroborate this. We can tell you the link was real and that the, but we don't know if the internet was scraping and got things incorrect, but there was an Israeli individual who was listed as the founder of Caldera engineering. We obviously know that Caldera engineering had said that they did projects going with their website in Israel. I don't know what projects they worked on. We weren't able to corroborate currently that that individual is still working with the company. We don't know if this was accidental. Sometimes the internet can do some funny things and scrape and put information where it doesn't belong. This particular individual has a very long background in engineering in Israel. Maybe it's because they work together and that's the internet thought that this person was the founder and the individual was not, but it's peaking our interest now. We are confused, I would say at best about this company because we wanted to go back and just determine who the founders were. Well, just our bad luck. Company was established in 1997, so you won't be able to get those formation LLC docs. You can find LLC docs in general, but they didn't start digitizing those until the early 2000s. So you're not gonna get anything where you're going to be able to see the actual formation docs. You can see changes they made in the early 2000s. You can see who the manager or the president, all of that stuff we found, but I would love to find those base formation docs. And in order to get them, you have to go in person somewhere. And I am certain I'm not gonna be able to get my hands on that. Something else that was really interesting as I was looking into Caldera Engineering was that they opted to, in their very early years of their company, use a lawyer for trademark purposes down in Arizona. Right? And I'm looking at these early documents and I'm like, wait a second, I know this lawyer. This lawyer was introduced to me by Tyler Boyer, at Turning Point USA. I have worked with this lawyer. I paid this lawyer. This is crazy. So what is the pipeline between Utah and Phoenix? I don't know. You can use a lawyer anywhere, but usually when you're formulating your company, maybe it was a friend, I don't know. But I now have a ton of questions about Caldera Engineering. So if you have any information, are you able to find anything about them? Or maybe you are an engineer and you're like, I've been buying their valves actually for 20 years, actually, and they're fantastic. They work great. I'd like to hear from you. Again, more tips at CandaceOwens.com. All right, you guys, I'm going to throw it to some sponsors. First and foremost, Preborn, you guys know I love them because I have watched too many people who I am close to be vilified for standing up for truth. And many people have felt the sting of injustice for that. But I've also realized that people are feeling encouraged and are done with plain defense, not watering down what we believe needs to be watered down in order for it to be palatable. Because silence isn't kindness, of course, it's consent. And right now, the greatest silence is around the lives being ended before they even take their first breath. If we're going to call ourselves defenders of life, we should act like it. And that's why I'm asking you to join me to fight back with action, with truth, with love. For just $28, that is what it will cost to give a free ultrasound to a woman that is in crisis and considering an abortion. Just $28 will help her see the light that's going inside of her. It'll give her truth that the culture will not provide. So you shouldn't sit this one out. Don't wait for permission. You can be bold. You can be unapologetically pro-life by going to preborn.org slash Candace right now. Give $28 or you can give 10 times that amount if you can, because this is a line that we need to stand on. We must stand for truth and what is right. We must save lives from abortion and stand firm in the gospel. Again, this is preborn.org slash Candace to provide an ultrasound for just $28. American Financing is another company that I wanna tell you about because the Fed has finally dropped interest rates and that is great news for American homeowners. Expenses have been a major burden on families. Wages are flat. Prices keep climbing and for many, the only way to make ends meet is to lean on credit cards, but that cycle of high interest debt makes it hard to stay ahead. If you're a homeowner, I want you to call my friends over at American Financing. Right now, interest rates have dropped. Many homeowners are seeing options in the low fives. Compare that to credit cards. Charging rates are up in the 20s or higher. There is an easy path to see how you can finally put your hard earned equity to work for you. American Financing can help you pay off that expensive debt, free up your cashflow and keep your budget under control. Their salary-based mortgage consultants are saving customers an average of $800 a month. And if you get started today, you may even be able to delay your next mortgage payment. Take control, call American Financing today. The number's 800-795-1210. Again, that's 800-795-1210 or visit americanfinancing.net slash Owens, americanfinancing.net slash Owens. Also something that me and my team love and are always craving are Paleo Valley beef sticks, specifically the ones that make, they make the beef sticks with 100% grass-fed beef source from small scale regenerative American farms so you can feel good about what you're eating and what you're supporting. They've stripped out all the junk so there's no preservatives, gluten, soil, soy, pardon, sugar, dairy or GMOs, just clean, nutrient-dense fuel the way that food was intended to be. So whether you're road tripping, working late or running around with the kids, these sticks deliver high protein energy without the crash. Whether you're keto, paleo, carnivore, it doesn't matter. Paleo Valley will work with your lifestyle, not against it. They come in a multitude of bold flavors including original jalapeno, summer sausage, maple bacon and teriyaki. So there's something for everyone. With over 55 million beef sticks sold, Paleo Valley is trusted, proven and backed by a 60-day money-back guarantee. So right now you can get 20% off your first order by visiting paleovalley.com slash Candice. You can use code Candice at checkout. Again, paleovalley.com slash Candice, promo code Candice at checkout. All right, a couple of updates for you. We are getting all of your emails. I wanna tell you we're working on everything, okay? It's like an investigation that never stops. Let's just trains that are slowly moving as we get answers. And like I said, even that I've been sitting on for a while waiting for people to react, to see what people say because I need to know who's guilty. Of what, I don't know, but I need to watch people lie. Now, one area of conversation that I haven't said much about but I want you to know we are still working on it are the two planes that day, right? The one of them being the plane that people have recognized is military, that's tail number N1098L. So this plane left from Texas, went over to Utah right about the time that Charlie got assassinated. It dipped real low. It seemed like, who knows what this plane was being sent there for, but the fact that this had some, this plane had been used in the military, rightfully alerted people to the fact that they may have had some knowledge. This plane may have had some knowledge of what was going to occur. But one thing I wanna clarify for you is that that plane was being contracted. You guys noticed that it was owned by LASI Aviation LLC. We are awaiting more information but I just wanted to let you know that if you recognize that it is strange, it did happen. There's no question. I've been saying from the beginning this was a military operation. It's very obvious. The more you peel back the onion, it is very obvious that this was a military operation. So it's fitting that you would have a plane that the military certainly uses. Who would contract that sort of plane? Now this would be a very easy question for Cash Patel to answer. Hey Cash Patel, most transparent ever except when it comes to Epstein. What's up with this plane? Certainly you have knowledge of who contracted this plane. But the answer, if you're being transparent, is gonna be like, oh, just a coincidence. Just a coincidence. Somebody decided to take a vacation flight from Texas over Utah to do a little circle and return back home. Happens all the time. When you're bored and you just have an unbelievable amount of money, that's what you do. We're not gonna get those answers from Cash Patel about that plane. We're not even getting straight answers about the other plane. That's the plane where Derek Maxfield, his wife, Shalane Maxfield, they sold some beauty company for billions, I believe. And they now just run a human sex trafficking organization in Utah. That was that plane. I can't remember. 888 is what I actually remember. And it seemed as though that plane left. It went to Page, Arizona, and it appeared that the ADS-B transponder turned off. Now what Cash Patel told us is different from what Derek Maxfield told us. Derek Maxfield on Instagram clarified that the air traffic control center was in agreement with them that they could stop transponding. Cash Patel says that plane never stopped transponding. So I don't know what the truth is, and I'm not even pretending that we're ever gonna get the truth. What I can tell you is that the investigation that we have been privately conducting has led to more questions than answers. Obviously, multiple pilots, people that work at these airports, people who are invested in this story have reached out, and I'm grateful for that. Multiple people have confirmed that this plane was a little bit weird that day. It was supposed to land in Page, Arizona, in millionaire FBO. Last second, it made a change. So you guys know an FBO is just a private terminal. So if you're in a public airport, you go to terminal seven. If you're flying private, you go to FBO, and it has a name. So that plane was supposed to land into an FBO called millionaire. Last second, I mean, I mean, last second, that plane decided to change and say, we are going to instead land into signature, different FBO. Apparently it landed into signature. That's certainly what we were told, but there's something off about that because when people are trying to look into it, somebody at that FBO at first said, oh yes, you've made multiple trips in the last couple of days. And then that person said, I don't know what you're talking about. No plane ever landed here. What? Multiple people have confirmed this for me that there's something very unusual about this flight. They are guarding information about this flight. That doesn't make sense to me. I don't like that we've got feds guarding FBO information. We've got feds guarding Dairy Queens. I don't know. I don't know. Do you need your ice cream guarded? What is going on? Like guys, you gotta just give up. It's gonna come out. Whatever it is, it's gonna come out. You would have to, and I wouldn't put it past you, you'd have to get rid of all of us. You've got like 7 billion people you've got to ethnically cleanse right now. If you want us to just forget about the Charlie Kirk story. It's no one's forgetting it. Okay. Not the ballistics guys on YouTube that we're all listening to. But no one's gonna let this one go because, and by the way, that's your fault. I don't know whose sadistic idea it was to make this a public execution, but let me tell you where you made the mistake. Okay. In 1963, when JFK was shot, people didn't watch it on TikTok. People mostly read about it and then the feds lied about it and they heard about it. But to be able to have us watch that live around the world, you traumatized all of us and not in the way that you meant to. You meant to traumatize us and maybe they make us fearful and scared. And yeah, that happened. Then you made us really angry that corruption is allowed to be like this, just so blatant and so in our face, looking at us as if we're nothing. And what are you going to do about it? That's the attitude. What are you gonna do about it? You wanted to traumatize us and then to on a dime flip and look us in the face and go, how dare you ask questions? People are grieving. Yeah, we're grieving because you assassinated Charlie Kirk in front of the entire world. If you had pretended he slipped and fell on some ice in the winter, maybe you wouldn't have this response. But you got our attention because you went after our attention. You wanted this for whatever sadistic reason. You wanted this to be a public execution and that disturbs me. So you get what you get, okay? This is the internet generation. You get TikTokers that are asking questions. You get our military guys. You get our ballistic boys. You get the TikTok medium psychic ladies. You get everybody, all of us are here, okay? So it's like a high school class. You got all different types of characters here, but we're running this, okay? We're running this. And we're not gonna be nice to any substitute teachers that you try to throw in there and try to calm down. Nope, we're not doing that, okay? We're not calming down. We're pretty upset and we're gonna stay upset. Anyways, I'm gonna tell you guys also in an update about Josh Hammer. He's an idiot. He really is an idiot. First and foremost, just funny. I should have pulled it up. He also brought up his book. He issued a statement about the retreat weekend. Josh Hammer just lies through teeth all the time. And so he was releasing a statement about how wonderful the Hamptons retreat was and that him and Seth Dillon totally did not press Charlie on anything. And in this public statement, he mentioned his book again. He said, like, I came to the Hamptons because Charlie wanted me to bring signed copies of my book. I mean, wacky. I mean, this man, it's always appropriate if you're Josh Hammer to promote your book, which is just amazing. Anyways, his response yesterday to our episode was to release text messages between him and Charlie following the call. Great, it lets us know that the call happened at the exact same time that we figured it would actually happen in our timeline that had to have been an evening call before he tweeted public execution in this three hour window. But these are the messages, we should read them. Charlie Kirk, thank you for your help, guys. That totally standard response that you say no matter what, exclamation point. And then I assume this is Josh Hammer that replies and says, good luck at the campus visit start. Don't hesitate to let me know or any of us know how we can help. What's your first stop tomorrow, by the way? And I feel like that was weird because I feel like his whole story was that Charlie was reaching out to him because he wanted help to strengthen his debate. He needed tips on how to, because he just loved Israel so hard that he was like, give me the best talking point so I can go out there, I can defend this state. And I know that like a couple hours ago, I was really angry and I said, I'm done with the pro-Israel lobby but now I just love you so much that I just, I wanna get on the phone with you and have you who could not beat me in a debate, teach me how to debate. That's what he told us. So we're supposed to believe that he didn't know that Charlie was debating, but that's how that was what the call was about. I don't know. I feel like you would maybe know and that may have come up in a call where you were prepping for his debate tomorrow where exactly it was that he was debating tomorrow. I don't know anything other than that Josh Hammer is an idiot who can't be trusted and lies through his teeth. I do wanna get to speaking on the topic of Israel. There was a very good video that came out. Actually, let's first talk about the Israel Hamas peace deal that they're trying to shut down our throats. Now, if you're reading the headlines, a peace agreement is what we're calling it has been reached between Israel and Hamas. Oh my gosh, because they've decided that there's gonna be phases and Israel is gonna partially withdraw its troops from Gaza and Hamas is going to release the remaining hostages. And this is of course, after everything that happened on October 7th, don't forget about October 7th. And yeah, like hundreds of thousands of Palestinians are missing and yeah, they have destroyed 85% of Gaza and they're going to try to tell us that we've reached peace. At the center of it was Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner. They arrived on Wednesday morning to represent the US negotiators from Israel and Hamas and the mediators from Qatar and Egypt and Turkey also participated and were supposed to go, wow, that's amazing. Trump put a statement out on truth social hero. I'm very proud to announce that Israel and Hamas have both signed off on the first phase of our peace plan. This means that all the hostages will be released very soon and Israel will withdraw their troops to an agreed upon line as the first steps towards a strong, durable and everlasting peace that all parties will be treated fairly. I can't even finish it because it makes me sick that they think we're this dumb. 85% of Gaza has been destroyed in this pre-planned controlled demolition of Gaza. Ibn Netanyahu is on camera explicitly before October 7th saying we need to hit them so hard that they can't come back. Jared Kushner is involved in, he will financially benefit from whatever they build in its place. Again, all of this began before October 7th, right? So we are supposed to believe that this isn't just, well, business as usual, we got done, we need to get done and now we can begin phase two, but we're supposed to thank them. We're supposed to thank the monsters that did this. You guys have it in your heart to say thank you, thank you to Jared Kushner and Donald Trump and Bibi Netanyahu who are just business partners playing a role, convinced that we're all so stupid. I mean, let's roll the clip back from Jared Kushner when he sat down at Harvard, Assad operation, to speak about their aim. This is February 15th, 2024. Take a listen. There are real fears on the part of Arabs and I'm sure you talk to a lot of them who think once Gazans leave Gaza, Netanyahu is never gonna let them back in. Maybe, but I'm not sure there's much left of Gaza at this point. So, if you think about even the construct like Gaza, Gaza was not really a historical precedent. It was the result of a war. You had tribes that were in different places, but then Gaza became a thing. Egypt used to run it and then over time, you had different governments that came in different ways. So, you have another war. Usually when wars happen, borders are changed historically over time. And so, my sense is, I would say, how do we deal with the terror threat that is there so that it cannot be a threat to Israel or to Egypt? I think that both sides are spending a fortune on military. I think neither side really wants to have a terrorist organization enclave right between them in Gaza's waterfront property. It could be very valuable to, if people would focus on kind of building up livelihoods. You think about all the money that's gone into this tunnel network and into all the munitions. If that would have gone into education or innovation, what could have been done? And so, I think that it's a little bit of an unfortunate situation there, but I think from Israel's perspective, I would do my best to move the people out and then clean it up. But I don't think that Israel has stated that they don't want the people to move back there afterwards. And Trump wants a Nobel Peace Prize, by the way, for the planned ethnic cleansing so that they could profit on the land and turn it into a beach town. So let me say this. This is our never again, okay? This is a Holocaust. A Holocaust just happened. A real Holocaust just happened. And we will never forget this. You need to tell your children what happened in Gaza. You need to tell them exactly who did it, exactly whose families were involved in this. And when you hear in the future, somebody tell you, like, we're going to Gaza beach for a vacation. You need to look at them like they are the absolute vermin of our society because they are, they are. Their children will be cursed, okay? You go and you play in the sand where you know that your forefathers planned to mass murder children, you will be cursed. Every person who steps foot on that, every family that is set to inherit what they did, they will be cursed. Your children's children will be cursed. Gaza belongs to nobody but the Palestinians. So when you begin to move the Israelis in there and when the Trump hotel gets built on there, I caution the rest of the world to stay far away from that cursed land because something is coming. You can't commit that much evil in broad daylight and not think it's going to come back to haunt you. Anyways, God bless me. He get his Nobel peace prize. Sticking with that point, obviously I was looking to see what people thought about the text messages and it was really funny. I came across a clip of Matt Walsh to Wai'edur. It's very funny. And he was saying about the Charlie Kirk messages, he actually thought they were fake because he said he couldn't believe the sentence that felt too on the nose. He's like, I genuinely thought that there's no way Charlie would ever leave the pro-Israel lobby, first and foremost, his support for Israel. He loved it so much. So it's like, you must have done a lot to make him actually write that statement, which felt too on the nose to Matt Walsh in that text message. I have no choice but to leave the pro-Israel cause. And anyways, he gave some very sage advice, which is not going to be heeded by the Josh Hammers of the world about what that really means that your behavior pushed even Charlie Kirk away. Take a listen to what Matt Walsh had to say. And at some point, if you're on the pro-Israel side, you really need to be honest with yourself and engage in some actual honest self-reflection and self-analysis. You really do. Because you're losing the argument. I mean, you're just losing it. You are. And I've never seen any side of any argument lose this much support this quickly. I can't think of any other example of something like this. And if you're on that side, you need to have the courage and humility to ask yourself what you're doing wrong. It's never too late to say Kanye was right. Never too late. And I'd like to say that Kanye was right. It's behavior. It's how they treat people. It's statements like that. Like just pretending, like we're just making things better when we do an ethnic cleansing that was pre-planned. We're just better. We should get a peace prize. It's coming to an end. You can feel it. Like I said, unless they've got a plan and maybe they do to kill 7 billion people, our memory will not allow them to just move along from what happened here, a true evil. Anyways, before I get to some of your comments, I see that we are almost up on an hour. There are just more of our sponsors, Pure Talk. First and foremost, our society works because of the freedoms that are guaranteed by the First Amendment. Everyday Americans should be able to speak openly and honestly about family and their traditional values without any retribution. And that is a principle that Pure Talk proudly supports. They sponsor my show, which allows me to stand strong behind the microphone every day and share the truth with you. If you want to support brands that defend freedom and pro-American values, I encourage you to switch your wireless service to Pure Talk. You're going to get great 5G coverage on an extremely reliable and secure network. And with plans from just $25 a month, you'll save a ton of money. Pure Talk believes in creating American jobs and supporting small business. So if you are a small business owner, you can save even more while enjoying white glove service. Stand with your companies who share your values. Go to puretalk.com slash Owens and switch to my wireless company, Pure Talk. And again, you'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Go to puretalk.com slash Owens to make the switch today. Telling you about Seven Weeks Coffee, because you already drink coffee, and Seven Weeks is an American pro-life coffee company that's on a mission to fund the pro-life movement one cup of coffee at a time. And they just hit an amazing milestone. Over $1 million donated to the pro-life movement. Now why they call Seven Weeks you already know, because at Seven Weeks, a baby is the size of a coffee bean and at the same time, a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across all 50 states, providing life-saving ultrasounds, resources for moms in needs and real hope for families. And it all started with just one simple idea. Use your morning coffee to stand for life. Seven Weeks Coffee is more than a great tasting coffee. It's mold-free, pesticide-free, shade-grown, low acid, and it's organically farmed, so it truly checks all the boxes. You can head to sevenweekscoffee.com and you'll save 15% forever when you subscribe and get a free gift. Plus, exclusively for my listeners, if you use code Candace, you'll get an extra 10% off your first order. That's a 25% total savings on your first order plus your free gift. Remember, your order will directly help support a network of over 1,000 pro-life organizations across the US. Visit sevenweekscoffee.com with promo code Candace today. Also gonna tell you guys about neme skincare. There is a reason that we all love fall. There is crisp air of the changing leaves, the season of transition, but it can be tough on our skin. Again, to the summer sun, the new autumn wind, it can leave your skin looking tired, dry, dull. If you are looking in the mirror and feeling like your skin has lost its radiance for the season, I need to tell you guys again about my go-to, which is neme skincare. Neme is the reason that my skin stays clear, firm, and glowing, no matter what the weather brings. Their three-step anti-aging routine is the perfect defense for this seasonal shift. It's packed with powerful clinically-backed ingredients that work to restore your skin's barrier, which is exactly what you need to fight off that dry autumn air. It boosts collagen production to help with those fine lines, it locks in deep moisture, and it brightens your complexion, bringing back that healthy glow that you had in the summer. And here's what I love most, neme is proudly American-made in a world of skincare that's dominated by foreign brands. Neme formulates and produces everything right here in the USA. They deliver world-class quality while staying true to the values that we hold dear, which is faith, family, and freedom. You shouldn't have to compromise your values to get good skincare. So go ahead and get an exclusive 10% off of your order at nemeskincare.com. Use code KANDYS10 at checkout. You can support a brand that supports this country, and you'll see results yourself again, N-I-M-I-skincare.com, promo code KANDYS10 for 10% off. All right, guys, what is on your mind? Giving you a lot of information, more to come. First and foremost, we have Petra Lab. She writes, Candice is the real Liam Neeson in the movie Taken. Has particular skills like spelling out lies, knows the authorities, are not trustworthy, and is determined to find out who betrayed Charlie. Liam would not trust the authorities to find his daughters. Keep going, Candice. Yeah, you've got to be just insane to trust the authorities. As soon as somebody says, trust in the authorities, suspect, on the list. What do you mean we're trusting the feds? Like since when are we doing that? Mary Go Wrong writes, that's very funny, Mary Go Wrong. Keep speaking the truth, Candice. Thank you so much. Julie G writes, I've been spending a couple of hours a day defending you on X, and I'm truly honored to have done so. You've gone a little quieter over the last few days. The special bond that you shared with Charlie is evident for all to see in many videos of you both. Truth will prevail. Thank you, Julie, so much. Also don't waste your time. In case you don't know, there's like military bot farms on X, which sucks, but that is reality, and so you're not even fighting with real people. So they're very, they dominate on X, not so much on Facebook. There's a bit more real people on Instagram. There's more real people, but they do have bot farms there too. Radical Rat writes, thank you very much for that donation. High American Muslim fan here, in the spirit of friendship between our faiths, here is an excerpt from the Quran about Jesus who's speaking as a baby to defend Mary's honor said, I am the servant of God. He has given me the scripture and made me a prophet and he has made me blessed wherever I am. God is my Lord and your Lord, so worship him. I think all of us are realizing the tremendous need for true faith right now. And I had sort of tweeted a couple of days ago that you can sense a chink in the armor of deception. Like we're learning a lot about how a lot of money has been put behind these Judeo-Christian programs, which was something that I would speak about with Charlie because he was in fact very interested in Catholicism. And so it is interesting to see that. I do think the evangelical community is feeling that. And let me know if you agree that people are starting to wonder like, why does my pastor? And again, it's not every pastor, but it's too many pastors. Get up on a stage and preach about Megan Kelly and Tucker Carlson. That is leading to broader questions. And I think in the end, all of this is good. Like the topic of faith being at the forefront of our minds worldwide is good. A Sisters writes, keep it up, Candice. It's people like you that are the hope for these two little girls in this picture. God bless you and keep you safe, praying for you and your team with love from East Texas. Thank you so much. Eight Birds writes, the more I listen to Candice Owens, the more I want her to be crazy. And the more that people tell me she's crazy, the more I want to listen to her. Thank you so much. And our government is crazy. And the rest of us are obviously understanding that and are therefore being called crazy. If you read about the history of Sigmund Freud, book in my book club, if you can't join the book club, that's fine. You should read the assault on truth to understand what sorts of lies these people are capable of coming, of telling and why they're, what they do is they always accuse you of being crazy when you find out what they're lying about. They have been doing this for a very long time. Candice, it came from behind. You haven't been investigating on Elon's platform enough. I can tell you definitively, definitively, definitively, definitively that Charlie's shot did not come from behind. I can just, you take that or leave that. You can still go down that narrative. You can think that you saw that. I'm not saying that a shot wasn't fired from behind. I'm not saying that. I said, I've given you my theory. I think there's two shooters. The entry wound is what is on the front. The bullet did not exit. You are looking for a smaller gun altogether, which is how these operations have to work. You gotta have multiple things going on. It's designed to drive you crazy. And that is why I'm trying to focus investigations. And, you know, I hope you guys trust me enough to know that I went through great hoops, multiple P, I had to confirm it the right way. And I did not trust the Feds. Brennan Gerby writes, I have watched every episode that you have ever done, even before the DW days, you are the best friend anyone could ask for. Charlie is lucky. Side note, wishing your kids luck when they try to sneak out as teens, they're not getting anything past you. You have not met my daughter. It's unbelievable. That girl had me putting her hair into pigtails the other night because she couldn't go to sleep. And she came out and she said she just wanted to look cute. It's a ridiculous reason. It's a ridiculous reason. It's not true. Nothing she said made sense. And there I was putting her hair into pigtails at nine o'clock PM, well past her bedtime because she just wanted to look cute. So toddlers have a way of avoiding bedtime. And it's expert. It is expert level. Born free writes Candice. I have been a fan since 2018. Finally got my wife on board last year. She's now in your book club and a loyal fan and we never miss an episode. We love you so much. Christ is king. Tell her, thank you. We're definitely a bit wild in the book club. Book club gets, we go there. We go there for sure. But it's fun. It's very chill. And you know that people are ready because they've read the book. So you're kind of able to push a little bit faster I would say on getting people to recognize just how evil things can get. And that's why I say, read the assault on truth, confront that and then everything will start to make sense because you're gonna go, how the hell have our public school systems across the world been telling us that Sigmund Freud was like a wonderful man, insane. Brittany Schofield, lastly, she writes, I'm a stay at home mom and I homeschool our six children. I am so glad to see that you started homeschooling your children. We don't live a fancy lifestyle. My husband has to work his butt off, but it is so worth it. The value that it has already added to my life in just two weeks and the happiness of just not racing your kids out the door, but actually structuring things and realizing they're gonna learn and how funny it is, they are literally removing joy from our home and taking that joy and turning our kids into unhappy, miserable creatures that question, oh, our parents are awful and they're woke. And by the time your kid gets through, obviously the school system and through college, go what happened? And what happened is that we gave up our blessed resource. We just gave it to the system. It's so wrong. I gotta tell you, it's working. So many moms are pulling their kids out that they're now trying to pass laws against homeschooling. That's amazing. I mean, not trying to pass laws, but it's amazing that they're feeling the pressure, which I will speak about more obviously in the weeks to come and exactly what we're doing and how we're doing it. We're still figuring this thing out, but every day is a new adventure. And I hope that I inspire people to take the step. You will figure it out. Human beings are adaptable and I can tell you, it is way more rewarding. Anyways, you guys, I am going on vacation. Love you. Send me tips if you have them about the topics that we discussed today, tips at cannesowens.com or more tips at cannesowens.com. I will obviously be lurking. I will be putting together more pieces. As I said, this investigation is ongoing. And I expect that when we get back, I'm going to have even more explosive revelations for you. We are absolutely doing this for Charlie Kirk. We will not forget, okay, nine, 10. We are not going to forget nine, 10, least of all, when it hasn't been solved. So if you'd like to support us, obviously, you can join our decentralized intelligence agency. It is truly because people around the world are sensing how evil this was and how corrupt it is that they are joining in and giving information where they can. We will always protect you. Buy yourself a hat, buy yourself a t-shirt. Join the decentralized intelligence agency. And we are, I feel optimistic, you guys, we are going to solve this thing. So I'll see you in a bit. ["Dreams of a New World"]