There are some new things in the merch shop. I want to let you know about we got the tour merch if you Were unable to come to one of the cities if you were unable to grab a piece of tour merch then you want to get something We've put whatever we have remaining there online. We also have some new bubby Tees that have been restocked and we've got hoodies coming on those Some camo gang hitter hunt club a lot of new items in there and And thank you so much some people are getting Gifts for their friends for family for Christmas So thank you for letting us be a part of your holidays and thanks for supporting the show the ovon store.com Thank you guys Today's guest is a stand-up comedian. He's an actor and a filmmaker He just directed his first film called good fortune Which we're gonna talk about and I'm looking forward to getting to meet him really we never even known each other So we're gonna do that now today's guest is mr. Ozzy's on sorry I Sweet man, I get a hit of this What do you drink man, which are do you have a beverage of choice kind of just espresso and water Really? I mean not not together, but it's bread. I drink espresso a lot and then Then water and then I'm fun drinking like when a wine or whatever a martini or whatever, but whoo a martini, huh? Check check You good Okay, yeah, okay, do Indian people react water martini's are your is your family Indian by nature? Yeah by nature they are in Yeah, my family's from India I was born in South Carolina, yeah, yeah wait are we going now or no yeah We can be yeah, whatever. Okay. Wait, so where are you from? You're from Louisiana from Louisiana. Yeah, okay Because you know whenever I hear someone else from us with a southern accent It's almost like when I see someone that's Indian. I'm only a little like oh I need to but I we've never really met I don't think probably I've I was a rat you were at Chris Rock's birthday party I saw you there, but you know that was a crazy thing. I didn't really get to say hi, but Do you have that when you when you hear someone with a southern accent because to me there's so few people I don't have one, but I'm from South Carolina I lost my accent it comes out when I start talking to other people that have it even the guy that picked me up At the airport he was from Atlanta and I and I started and I like it started seeping in yeah But yours has stayed strong Mine is gone, but I remember when I met Danny McBride Because you there's so few people that have southern accents that are in our what kind of acting Hollywood. It's kind of true, huh? Strange I think right before our generation it was more prevalent Before well there was the whole like blue-collar right those guys those guys they had their run that was that was there They all had southern accents. Yeah, Larry the cable guy definitely southern accent. Yeah, he's going back on tour. I just saw Yeah, I remember when I was a kid You know I grew up in a small town in South Carolina called Bennet so there's like 8,000 people there No one ever toured there anything and I remember some kids went and saw Jeff Foxworthy and he came to Florence, South Carolina, which is like 45 minutes and we saw Jeff Foxworthy That was the first time I'd ever heard of someone going to a live Comedy show oh wow by the way. I'm shivering a little bit because so I you know I came from I was in Chicago, and I had to get up at like 5 in the morning and You had a cold plunge and your producer was like if you want to jump in the cold plunge I was like are you are you kidding or you serious because I'm a little tired I didn't really sleep yesterday, and I did it, but like I'm a little Little bit it'll rattle you yeah, no I'm glad you got in dude. Yeah, I got in I was in there earlier this morning I get in now because I don't want to so I'm like let me go do something I don't want to do to start my day, and I think it adjusts my attitude which I need a lot And dude, I just went to say I just went to University of South Carolina We had we met a chauffeur over there his girlfriend had thrown feta cheese like hot Thing a boiling fettuccine on him and yeah, and he had to be like it's crazy That story took a dark turn really fast That's the last thing I expected to happen in this guy in the story is is a is boiling fettuccine. He thrown on him Bro a hundred percent and but he was with the water not yeah, okay, cuz cuz if it was just a fettuccine That that's not too bad. Yeah, I was in the mix too though. That's that's that's a crime Yeah, oh it was a crime and his figure his neck was like dripping off of him and stuff He went through a lot, but anyway met him. He's a chauffeur over there Stan he's out of the he's out of the Bronx originally, but we just had him come in He was just like kind of a unique character so um but hey trev will you cut the AC off just in case I Don't want to fucking lose a Z am I looking crazy No, I know what you mean sometimes if you get that in and that ACs on it's kind of a lot Um dude is it is this true and thanks so much for coming in today man. Oh man I really appreciate it And you know I I'm not really super familiar with a lot of podcasts and I haven't done a big Press tour in like a long time because you know the last time I had something come out was during kovats So that was weird you didn't really do the normal stuff, and then I've been working on these films for a bit and and So before I was like they're like oh do all these podcasts. I was like well. I'm gonna listen to Episodes and I listened to a couple of years. I listened to the Bernie Sanders one Oh, yeah, which I really liked and and to me really connected with my film because the stuff you guys were talking about You're talking about something that I hadn't heard where the the number one cause of bankruptcy is is medical bills. Yeah, and In my character in the film you're never really given a clear explanation of what happened to this guy the guys you know He's lost his job. He's sleeping in his car, but only good fortune you mean yeah But it made me think of that what your conversation with Bernie Sanders, and I was like oh man This is really um on the in the same kind of realm and then um and I loved your episode with Arnold Schwarzenegger I'm always fascinated by Arnold really yeah, cuz I think he's so I think he's so smart and and um Yeah, I don't know why I think you realize like the more you're in this business especially the In the kind of movie acting world to like be an actor that's kind of had a few hits like a lot of things have To come together, and it's not an accident. You know what I mean when these guys Have this run of hits like they've got to be really sharp. Yeah. Yeah, it was pretty fascinating I guess we went to his office, and there's like the his like Conan thing is in there and like the sword He's like wait. Did you meet that little donkey? He has I don't know if the donkey was there There was some hair that's in his house. This was in his office. Oh, no. Yeah, this was his office Yeah, there was some hair on the floor, but I don't know what it was from. I don't think um oh my god Yeah, there's a donkey. Oh cuz I think he's very Dutch like that or something. Oh, he's very oh my god Yeah, those are mini donkeys. They look mixed too. I met a small donkey in Nashville once oh First off I love Nashville. I I go to Zany's a lot when I'm like working on sets. Yeah Oh, I think I remember that's what the last thing I remember I remember hearing you came to Zany's and did like six or seven nights or something over there Yeah And one time one of my favorite shows the power went out and I had to do the show Like the power went out and we're like what do we do and the staff there was amazing they like Immediately brought candles out and I was like yelling my set and then some guy like brought like a speaker and a microphone it was Incredible dude. I think didn't they I think it was an article or something about that. I even remember I remember seeing a picture about that or at least just hearing about it like in local lore. You know One thing about Nashville is dude. It's a very small city like it's small. It's like people it's you something happens You hear about it. It's not like it just feels like a huge town like how long you lived here a really big town I lived here for I think almost four years, but before the pan damn it. I was in LA Okay, yeah, and I moved directly from there because during the pandemic I remember seeing like Kid Rocks bar, you know and people are having a blast there and meanwhile like my landlord is like making us wear hazmat suits We'll get our fucking mail and chickens are all paranoid and shit out there, and I was like fuck this shit Um I gotta fucking go you know I've always loved Nashville I did a series for Netflix and we filmed an episode here, and I always come here for stand-up I did the Ryman. I'd never done the Ryman. I'd always done some other theater I did the Ryman on this tour that I a few months ago, and that's that's one of the best Best places I've ever performed yeah, yeah, there's that thing Yes, that isn't that so crazy yeah a power outage force comedian Aziz's already finished his set in the dark Monday night That was cool. That was like one of those cool cool moments that was fun, but when I was here for that trip To get back to the donkeys mm-hmm my wife She's Danish and she loves She loves donkeys and there was some fair here and They had miniature donkeys oh beautiful, and we saw them out, and we said what's up to him one of them his name was a His name was Roger, and he was born October October 4th, so Roger 10-4 so we met Roger and there was another little donkey named Lily, but I She was she was a little big. I don't know she was a micro donkey Rod Roger was straight-up micro Lily was a little big I don't know if she was micro at that size I don't judge their weight you know I'm saying because the bodies are there's already a lot going on you know it's like Yeah, I think I think that I mean I look I think they're beautiful. I remember I met the world's smallest horse one time When was that and where and this is his name was Tom Thumb, and I met him in Alameda I believe and how did that how did that intro come about well people people like you got to go meet him and shit And I remember I'd been in a ballerina is where California California Yeah, so you were doing a show in Alameda, and then like you got it you got to meet the smallest horse No, we'd been out there for a I was just I think I had heard about it mm-hmm I think I'd been in conversations about like smaller animals and Amelia generally the world's The one I met was Tom Thumb, and if you can also look up separately on perplexity here if you can just look up a The Yvonne Tom Thumb I did a post on it was pretty fascinating what's perplexity Perplexity is like a different AI it does for me. I like it because it's uh It can help me like edit and pull clips out of things that you can put something in it and like like What clips do you like in this what do you suggest that sort of thing? Oh? So it's kind of like it's like a it's like an AI you know it's far beyond my what I don't know any of this stuff Dude, what are you talking about do people? How do your parents feel about that that I don't know perplexity that you don't know about the AI's I mean I know what it is. I I I don't really use that stuff much. Yeah, I don't really use Internet or phone or anything very much. I try to stay off. Yes. Oh here. We go right here. Let's take a video Let's I am into this How long you gonna be here today for Can you kill goodness whoa Baby, I listen how I eat those recited and he's alive Dark What people are doing dude, but yeah, so just to let you know I guess we have a lot of symbiosis there in our love for the small horses small. What are horses and donkeys? What's that? Ask the AI. What is that called? What are that that kind of animal horses donkeys the four-legged kind of they're similar There must be some group Yeah, what is that called the equus? Yeah the equus the equine? Equines but do when you think that God took all the beauty of a huge horse and put it into like a baby snicker of a horse a little horse Yeah, there's not is there any other animals that have minis like cuz there's many horses. There's many donkeys What is it? There's many cows there are oh wow. Oh god. That'd be a dark moment You go to a steakhouse. They're like just so you know these are all many cows. Yeah It's still that's too dark. I'd have a little You probably could only have a little There's not like a 40 ounce of any cow stick. That's that that's that happen It's like it's like he's a one ounce like it's like when you go to a sushi restaurant. They have that one little piece of wagyu Oh my god, they're all furry Maybe oh, maybe I'm gonna finish this show and get addicted to the internet cuz this is this is pretty fun I never knew about many cows. I didn't know I would have just been wondering about equine the equus Well look dude. I think you could get your wife one of these let me see Miniature horses rarely exceed 34 inches in height miniature donkeys also max out at around 34 inches There's many micro pigs. Oh wait. This is a whole list of everything. There's many of there's many horses donkeys Pigmy goats, they don't call them micro goats. They prefer to be referred to as pigmy goats mini sheeps micro pigs Micro pigs I've heard of imagine a mini sheep though mmm, you make a very small Do we gotta get some of these animals but do when I was a kid they only had big dogs and then the dog started getting Little or a lot of this I think is cross breeding and in breeding you know I grew up in a kind of an not an in breeding district, but I grew up in like certainly like the stray animal belt and the in breeding belt kind of like They you can they run across some of the same plains in America, okay and we would see a lot of you know people start getting smaller over time in the area because you and that's when you knew like okay People need to start walking farther or driving farther for sex, you know You just knew the in reading was heating up, you know, you know the kettle the kettle was getting a little warm, you know When somebody'd have a baby and they could just put it on like a key ring or whatever. It was like that things too small Good to see you man cuz we've never really gotten to talk and it's good to laugh with somebody Oh, I and you know, I I love meeting comedians that I haven't met before I I Was thinking this the other day like when I was on tour I was you know, I bring some of the same guys out with me and who do you take with you? Sorry to interject will Sylvain's He's in the movie isn't he well is in the movie and Ricky Velez they they they came out with me a lot Early this year and then our tour manager Beth who I love will especially have you ever met will do you know will at all? I don't know him, but I recognized him immediately. I know I know him, but I don't know him well The hardest I laugh in my life Hmm is after shows going to dinner with will cuz he's just The most ridiculous guy and he just he's so funny Like just this stuff like this one of my favorite will anecdotes one time I told him I said I wanted to send him a Playlist of some music and he's like I don't use Spotify and I was like, what do you use? He goes I use Amazon music Oh type shit and I was like, well, how do you use Amazon music? He's like cuz I like to download the mp3s and burn them on the CDs. I was like this this is this is such a unique dude Yeah, I mean it sounds illegal, but it also sounds like I respect it, you know But I but I'll say I love comedians comedians are my favorite people. Well, I think in the end It's like you have to realize how rare it is that people do it and that that we do all have something in common Yeah, and it used to feel like a lot again. It's like the southern accent. It's like when I see another Indian person There's something that pulls me towards them. Yeah, it makes me comfortable. Yeah, I think we'll some of that's just tribes You know try there's a little bit of like whatever is built into us What a specific tribe to you know, cuz most people's You know most people's worst fear is public speaking and it's what we do for a living. So there's something Deep inside that's a bond with all of us has to be oh, we're like Satan's mini don't mini donkeys of self-esteem Yeah That's why we need so much approval with laughter It's like if you pet me micro self-esteem people. Yeah, if you pet me enough, I'll grow into a regular-sized horse Yeah, yeah, we get enough laughs. We play enough theaters or if you graduate to arenas then we become People this is enough. That's hilarious. It's almost like our Pinocchio story. Yeah Yeah, dude, I stayed up watching the movie last night good fortune. That's your it's a new movie. Yeah Dude the amount of turns that were that started to happen. I'm about like I guess maybe 45 minutes in The amount of turns that started to happen in a plot Really? We're making it heat up. Oh Well, thank you. Yeah, cool, dude and Keanu Reeves. He's like this like He almost reminds me of like a surfer dude that won best in show at Westminster type of vibe. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, there's a little bit of California kind of but he's very sweet like a little Pup and his posture so good It seemed like he would win best in show like he'd seems like he has very good. I never noticed his posture But you didn't no, but you know, I remember when we first started screening the movie As soon as he came up on screen, I could tell there was something like whoa This dude's a movie star and it's not just that he's handsome. There's something this other You know, there's this other thing that he has and and he's so funny in the movie I mean he he just he just kills and and by the end of the movie when I've watched it with crowds like he's just Doing the smallest thing and just getting huge laughs and um Yeah, but um you directed and wrote in you're in it right you wrote it too. I wrote it dude. That's awesome, bro Produced acted everything too much. So you have control issues you think Yeah a little bit but but in a positive way as well You know Seth Rokins in the movie and he does his show the studio and we've talked about that about you know kind of doing every because he does everything on that and There's something that's kind of streamlined about it, you know did like oh I had this idea this is I'm gonna write it and and you kind of have for me whenever I'm writing something I kind of have a you know an idea in my head of how I want it to sound and look and everything and directing is pretty much just Conveying that to a group of people to execute it Yeah, so if it's all coming from one person and if you're one of the people acting it does make things easier in a sense. Mm-hmm Yeah, man, that does make a lot of sense, dude Yeah, and and you know you have other people like Seth and Keanu who you know, they have iconic voices So when I'm writing I have their voice in the head and then when they're there they do it like even funnier than you think they were gonna do it when you had in your head they add something or improvise and and you know the goal is really you have like the version in your head and then you have this whole crew and cast and you kind Of convey your vision and then they take that and then they give you something else That's something from them and it becomes better than you thought How long would you guys to shoot for? Well, it was a little weird because we shot like one or two days and then the writer strike happened we have to stop No, that's yeah and then we came back and This sounds crazy when I'm saying it out loud so we came back after the writer strike which was like I don't know seven months or something. It was a while and Pregnant and stuff like was it different? But okay, no everyone was still the same but um, thank God we we shot for like a couple days And then Keanu broke his knee. He broke his kneecap like on our like second or third day back. What was he doing? I Mean it sounds insane as I'm saying out loud cuz this guy's done all the Matrix movies all the John Wick movies never got hurt Yeah, we filmed a scene in a cold plunge and he was going back to his dressing room He was all wrapped up in a robe and everything and he like tripped on a rug and fell on his knee broke his kneecap Yeah, they got pictures of him in the crutches here on perplexity No, he broke his freaking kneecap and we guys right there. Could you hear it? No, no, it was in his in his dressing room. So I I just heard like someone on the on the walk He's like, oh, I'm John who's down. Oh, so he went through it alone Yeah, he fell down and then they were like he's hurt and then he came down He was ready to film right away. His knee was like bleeding right crazy and we're like, hey, man Maybe you should go to a doctor and he was like no no, let's shoot. He loves he loves shooting. He just wants to shoot but anyway We could film most of his stuff. He had like a knee brace that we like edited out with VFX He didn't get that stupid with the wheels on no, we didn't have the way that was kind of mean to call it stupid man There's people are Used I saw some drunk lady and her husband they were going down Broadway in Nashville and I know the thing you're talking about. It's like kind of like a scoot this thing. Yeah, it's like a miniskooter And my friend broke his Achilles Tori's Achilles heel and he had to use that for a while Yeah, it's like the X games of being crippled or whatever. Yeah, it's it's a little weird. Yeah, it seems a little silly He didn't have one of those he just had a big knee brace But we had these scenes where he had like most of the stuff we could kind of figure it out But there was a couple of scenes where we needed him to dance There's a whole thing where he starts dancing cumbia and we were like Keanu. We can't shoot the cumbia stuff so We came back after his leg healed and shot a few more days. Hmm, but it was like a 30-day shoot. Oh, wow It's fast. That's a lot of work Yeah, that's not too much, but it's not too little. Yeah Yeah, we just David Spade and I made a movie and I can't talk about it anymore on here because we've talked about it a lot, but how many days 23 days that's pretty tight. I mean, I don't know the script or anything but 23 It's you know, that's a lot of work but over 30 Yeah, we probably had a few days off in between, you know, but it was a lot It was like the fires that happens we had to move One scene that just happens to be firing and you're like, okay Well, this has to be part of it because you've already set up for the day and whatever this space is gonna be So like one day it's crazy winds the winds like 45 miles an hour Remember that I was in LA during the fires I remember the day before there was a crazy winds. I was like what's happening? Okay, so we're like talking about kites We wrote that into the script like yeah, we should get some kites. You wrote it in afterwards Yeah, just to add like yeah, maybe we'll get some kites after you know We like threw in a line it's like just trying to make things make sense, you know Cuz you just have you're already set up. Everybody's already driven there. The people are there There's a lady standing there with makeup You know what I'm saying? Like people have washed their bodies and gotten in their vehicles and gotten over there people have put on deodorant People have put on clean panties and men's panties or whatever. They're called under men's underwear on their undergarments and they showed up and it's a lot of people and it's crazy because you know You write these random things and then all these people get to work to do it And it's like some silly joke about a pillowcase or whatever. They're like, oh which pillowcase you want to use Yeah, someone's dumb is that like all these people drive to one place just so somebody can be like Rick is a bitch You're like, okay, that's lunch you're like that fucking took four hours God and Ricky's not even a bitch anymore. He's had a surgery by the end of the day You know what I'm saying? So everything's changed it blows my mind that you know, cuz it's like stand up But you you do these things and you're just on a mic and there's people they're listening But when you write a joke for a movie, there's all these trucks. Everybody's showed up. It's it's It really makes you pause for a second. I don't know if he had this thing where you're like, oh man This is a lot of hope this is worth it for these people. Oh, yeah I remember the first day we got to do to set I was like, holy shit I thought this had just been a bunch of emails, you know Mm-hmm, and it was like all the emails that come together in real life. Like there was trailers There was some guy got electrocuted like oh, yeah But it was like everything, you know, you were like people are acting or some guy practicing his things They're like firing an extra like all the shit was going on, you know, like some guys just like, you know I had bought the wrong peanut just all the shits happening. You know, there's no coffee. There's always no coffee when I got over there It's fine But it was just like it's fascinating to see it happen. And it's one of those things that has to like It's so expensive to do that. You have to get it done on that day It's like whatever elements come if somebody breaks their leg if somebody goes missing you have to for an hour You have to like shoot around it just all these little things that kind of go on You know, I was telling someone people always ask me like what's the difference between doing stand-up and doing a film? to me doing stand-up, it's like You're you're running around a track and you go. Hey, I'm ready to go and then you you go to all these cities and you run around the track and And you're done and a movie is like you have to go to these people and go hey I want to climb this mountain. Can you give me money to climb this mountain and They're like, let me see your plan which is like your script and they're like hmm. Well, we can give you this much Oh, that's not really enough supplies and then like well can Brad Pitt climb the mountain with you Can you can you get you know these other famous can get you know? And yeah, and then if you're lucky enough to even get to start climbing the mountain then people just start throwing boulders Hey, here's the rider strike. Hey, there's the fires in LA. Oh wait. Keanu's broke his kneecap And it is a positive blood test. You're like, oh It's it's all just You're just trying to avoid all these different disasters And if you're lucky you you you make it to the top But it's it's so much harder to either so much more to that's out of your control. Yeah, and up is so In your control. Yeah, there's something so pure and beautiful about Stan I like doing both but there is something so pure and beautiful about stand-up where it's just literally a person talking in the microphone it's kind of Such a pure and direct art form and Filmmaking there's so many other things that are out of your control and is a lot more complex, but it's rewarding in its own way I mean I think about how you know, I'll I'm working on other scripts now and I'll have some joke and it'll be like well, this will be Maybe years from now before I'll see this joke play in a theater and hear a crowd of people laugh and Then a stand-up joke, you know You were I could think of something tonight and go to a comedy club and try it and hear get a laugh and that's so satisfying But there's also something crazy about like I remember I started writing good fortune like probably in the pandemic I started writing it on and off and There's jokes I wrote in and then years later. It's like I'm in a theater in Burbank and Keanu Reeves is saying the joke and you know a crowd full of people goes crazy and They're both amazing, but in different ways. Yeah That's so wild, dude it's pretty much a fact that prize picks is the best place to win cash while watching sports and With football season fully underway There's no better time to join prize picks. One thing I love is that the app is really easy to use To create a lineup you just pick more or less on a few players stats That's it so you're not involved with the whole team You just got your dogs in there prize picks is in more than 40 states including California Texas and Georgia and right now prize picks will give you $50 in lineups when you play your first five dollar line up That's what I'm saying bang bang, baby. So win or lose you get 50 bucks in lineups Okay Use promo code Theo when you download the app and sign up today and plus for NBA tip-off Prize picks is also hooking up all customers with a max discount on Steph Curry Steph needs just one point against the Lakers on opening night for you to cash in I'm gonna hit you with my picks for the week right there. I got Puka Nakua Garrett Wilson and my boy lad McConkey with at least one rushing or receiving touchdown for each one of those guys Those are my prize picks you can tail them in the app and now you can even follow me on price picks at Theo von Prize picks it's good to be right. Let's be honest. Okay Traditional phone systems aren't really set up for how businesses work today That's a fact and when you miss a call, you're not just missing a conversation. You're missing business That's why I want to mention quo Formally open phone is the modern alternative Designed to help you work smarter build stronger relationships and never miss an opportunity Quo is the number one business phone system that streamlines customer communications No more juggling two phones or being tied to a landline Quo works through an app on your phone or computer so you can run your business from anywhere It's if you're trying tying your own business to your cell phone, it's just it's a lot It doesn't have to be and today you can join over 90,000 businesses that are using quo Get started free plus get 20% off your first six months at quo dot com slash Theo That's Q U O dot com slash Theo and if you have existing numbers with another service Quo will port them over at no extra charge Quo no missed calls. No missed customers Is there a movie that like you'll never get to make but you think it would be cool? Like it's so ridiculous Have there ever need be something that well, I mean right now it's so hard to get any movie made They all feel like oh man. I hope I can make this, you know I've got two movies that I two other scripts that I've written I had this movie with Bill Murray that I was doing that got shut down. I want to finish that why what happened? Oh well Bill Murray Was part of this movie we did called being mortal being more was a book by this gentleman named atul gawande It's all about like end-of-life issues. It's about stuff you know That people my age are dealing with with their parents, you know, maybe not all people might be older but you know They're getting sick. You got to put them in retirement homes and you got to figure all this this stuff out Very you know, very interesting book and it's about book very highly recommend this have you met atul gawande? Yeah, yeah, I had to talk to a tool to get rights to the book and when I decided to turn in the script he he helped me and and Yeah, there is very cool. Very smart guy and So I thought okay This is like The book is not a fiction book. It's nonfiction But I was like, oh man, if you turn this into a story There's things that are funny even though it's dark, you know, like there's things that are funny about like, you know You have to go like take your parents to like all your mom or dad You have to take them to all these different retirement homes and like they you know, all these people in his book They're always been I want to be in here. Everybody in here is old. It's like that's people's perspectives. It's kind of funny and And just like how out of depth you are talking to these doctors doctors talk to you Like, you know, you know these super complicated things are like anyway, so what do you want to do if you do this? You know, he might be paralyzed, but if you do this, you know, you're like wait what? Yeah, but if you do this, he might be able to do a backflip. You're like, well, that's a that's a mixed bag It's it's so you're just immediately out of your depth but anyway, I Read the story and read the book and you know is these patterns like the parents are like, no, I'm fine I'm fine And then they like drive their car through the house or something and then you're like we got to take you to home man Yeah, you know that kind of that's really how it happens though for people It's really how it happens and I was like well if you did a story about this and the guy was Bill Murray That could be really funny and really poignant cuz he you know I think about him in like Lost in Translation or Broken Flowers and and he's one of these he's got this rare ability to be so funny But so grounded and touching and sincere So I wrote the whole thing with him in mind and then there was no like oh I'll get another guy It was like this movie only works in my head if it's Bill Murray, I can't think of anybody else. I wrote it and he's like Famously the hardest guy to get a hold up to be you can't even get him Yeah, I I knew him a little bit socially. I had his number. I call him. He answers the phone I said hey, I have a script that I wrote You know, I said hello whatever and we talked for a minute I said I was calling because I wrote the script and and I think he'd be great and he's like, well, that's wonderful You know mail it to my house very old school is like printing out sending my house So I sent it to him He calls me like a couple of weeks later. He's like, yeah, I like this. Can you send me the book? I sent him the book. He was really into the book as well and We eventually set it up Seth Rogen plays his son Kiki Palmer was playing Seth's wife and We shot for like three weeks and then something happened on set where Bill was inappropriate with someone that was working on the film Yeah Yeah, um, was it real or was it fabricated? Who knows? I mean something really happened. Okay, so something occurred I don't want to get away about it, right? Yeah I don't want to get into it too much because it's not my story to tell so something happened on set something You had to shut the movie down. Yeah, he he had a mask on a COVID mask and This is from what I understand He had a code mask on and he was trying to be funny and he was kissing this woman that he was friends with with the mask on trying to be funny, but This woman didn't like this and was was upset and and eventually it turned into this whole thing and they shut the whole movie down Yeah There's the Wikipedia page But uh, yes, this is what Bill said at the time. I did something I thought was funny It was taken that way but the company movies here wanted to do the right thing So they wanted to check it all out It's not the production. Yeah, the the whole whole movie shut down I Said and sorry shared the 75 it wasn't 75% we shot like half of it But anyway, I can't remember what how we started on this but that Yeah, I'd love to finish that at some point, you know if we can because you know, it was it was it was very special But you know must have been I'm it's been heartbreaking for everybody It was but it was one of those things it was so crazy. I don't think I ever fully processed it I mean you want to know some crazy. I remember the week it happened I was getting married that summer and my friends had They wanted to plan some sort of bachelor party for you not like I I'm not like hey Let's go to the strip club kind of guy They were like gonna we're gonna go to a restaurant go to the spa or something like that Like a very silly kind of like a math a thought What's the math at thought we do a math yeah, is that a real thing or did you just make up that word? I don't know but I could see for some reason I just think that's what I'm into No, I'm not in the math at odds. Wait, it's a real thing. It's a fundraising event where you do math Wow, it is Zuckerberg was a math elite Andrew Wang was a math elite. No Alexander Wang was a math elite a lot of those tech bros were math elites to Alexander Wang the fashion guy No, there's a new one. Um, I knew Alexander Wang big that guy died or something. I think This is a different guy. Oh, this is a Gen Z billionaire this Alexander without the E a Wang They call him in the streets boy. Whoa, he's 28 years old in the tech trenches deep in the motor This screen with the guy looking stuff up with you around all the time or just when you do the project. That was so great Cuz I'm the opposite of this. I never look anything up, you know, I don't you know what my wife said to me yesterday. I You know, I don't have I don't keep a smartphone on me I don't I blocked all shit on the internet I don't really use the internet. So sometimes I'll just what ask my wife stuff the same way you're asking this guy and she's like You know, I'm not the internet. I'm your wife Cuz I what I'm secretly asking without asking is like can you look that up for me? I can't look it up And she's like I'm not the internet I Just Just needed to have a smartphone without having one so that's why I got married She loves me very much we're just texting about how much we love each other but sounds like you look we believe all that It's tough, man. It's tough. I mean I I've you know I've gotten lost and had to call her and and been like hey, we're Where are we? Yeah, I can't find a man cuz I live in London and you know, there's you live in London Yeah, most of the time I'm there cuz we met in London. We live there and oh your wife is London Is it one of the ex-girlfriends? She's in some But anyway, we live in we live in in London we met there and You know, did she speak Danish as well? Yeah, she'd be Danish and I love languages, but Danish is pretty tough. Is it? It's tough Yeah, is it romantic? Is it considered a romantic language? Oh, this gets this gets us back to the donkey thing Okay, so she said that I was like, well, what's like a Danish term of affection? Yeah, maybe we can use that and she said it was like skit and I was like that that sounds harsh that doesn't sound very sweet and We were somewhere where we saw a donkey and I said what's the word for donkey and she said asshole and she said so asshole and And and she said it was her first word and that she loved donkeys and I was like Why don't we call each other that and so we started calling each other that? Yeah, and now I have you see that AE that that's here on this this chain the AE and that's what led to us Being the little mini donkey in Nashville where we are now boom God is Asshole. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you're my little asshole. Yeah Exactly, but yeah, it's pretty close. Yeah, that's that's it pretty close I mean, no, you said it right. You're actually saying it better than I do you're doing the a the combined AE Yeah, that Danish is you know, it's like wait a second now. Now we're coming up with new letters. You're combining the A&E I'm you know, I can speak Italian. Okay, my family speaks Tamil. It's an Indian language I can speak that a little bit. Well, but yeah, but Danish is it's a tricky one A lot of our mixed are cis and bi gender now some some vowels are like there'll be a vowel that is trans now Yeah, it's changing identity. Yeah, it's like what's the other one? They a pronounce you bro. That's all we've won Hey, we just want to show you respect. Yeah, do it, right do whatever you want But just tell we just need to know how to use you in a word and some vowels now are like I don't want to be in your fucking words or whatever and we're like bitch or sir. Just be in the fucking word, dude You're a letter but that's where it's at now man. It's Dan. It's tough cuz we'll be that's not a real thing Which thing that isn't that? Oh with the circle Elon's kids name. I Don't know so You're saying it read that that's pretty good pronunciation No, and whenever I whenever we're in Denmark and I try to read a word I'll try to pronounce it right and it's just I just don't know the pronunciation rules. I get everything wrong but wait, how do we start time Oh because I Use her as a phone sometimes I'm walking around in London and London. There's a lot of like maps on the street Mm-hmm. So if I get lost I can find the map and kind of make my way but sometimes I like keep walking around Hoping to run into one of these maps and I won't run into one enough to call her enough to be like, hey I'm over here Tube station And I remember that even when I first came to LA I don't know whenever you first came to LA how long ago was but you know There wasn't GPS and stuff GPS was like a fancy thing if they had it at all So I would like print out directions on map quest and I remember you know, I would call my little brother My little brother is a few years younger than me. He was still in South Carolina and I'd call him be like hey, man I'm on Caesar shot I Because we didn't have the stuff When you came to LA was it like that? Yeah, dude people had maps drawings You'd have a guy who had directions tattooed on his arm with how to get home if he was an alcoholic or whatever Oh my god, like shit was definitely more primitive back then people would like just write on their dashboard How to get home like yeah people had to remember remember when you just Knew everybody's phone number Yeah but also when somebody would give you directions dude and if you missed one of them or something and you were going to a party you Just drove around their neighborhood for an hour and then went home like you would drive and roll your windows down and see if you Heard a party from the backyard. Yeah, we're basically like a bunch of like Magellons, you know and it's strange to think there's there's people that grew up without Knowing that at all and it really does seem Nuts that we were able to be okay without it. Yeah, you know, well, it's like you imagine now It's like we're gonna go the airport and nobody's gonna go through TSA, right? Cuz that's how I barely remember that like that you could go up to the gate and all that stuff You know all of my travel, you know, I started doing comedy By the time I was touring and stuff and traveling all the time like we do that You were already big touring me started doing comedy or no No, no, I'm saying like I didn't start traveling a bunch, you know Touring and doing all the stuff until after TSA and all these kind of things, you know I barely remember traveling I wasn't on that many, you know I wasn't flying all the time like you know I do now so I barely remembered that time where like you could walk up to the gate, you know I might not even remember it actually. Yeah, I mean that'll happen after 9-eleven. So it's after 2001, you know Yeah, maybe a couple flights I'd taken probably but yeah, dude Imagine if we went back to that now Would do you think say right now you go to the airport? There's no TSA. Would you trust everyone enough? To be like, okay We're all gonna fly home together guys. Does everybody promise they're not gonna cause any problems. I mean, I Don't know it'd be it's it's it's wild times right now. I don't know and they would ask you twice I was in the airport these past couple days and you know, the government's been shut down those people They're they're working for free. Like I was like, hey, just so you know guys, we're working for free and I was like, oh my god It's unbelievable. It's wild. Yeah, the government's just turned into like a shitty vehicle It's like every now and then it just fucking shuts down or whatever Dude, I mean you gotta understand for me to like be in London and read about all the stuff happening here and then come here Like I was in Chicago yesterday and my friends like wild time to be in Chicago I was like, what do you mean? They're like, oh the National Guard's they're just grabbing Mexican people. I was like what? What when did that happen? Just over here trying to tell people about good fortune And they're like, yeah, they're grabbing they're grabbing Mexican people and the National Guard's there and TSA. Oh, yeah. They're oh, yeah. What are you you getting on a plane later to fly to Nashville? Oh, yeah, they the government shut down like most of the air traffic people went home. Oh great. Thanks Yeah, it's okay. I'm gonna I'm gonna fly to Nashville and then get on another plane back to New York same day cool weekend To be on all these planes. Yeah, it's just the bad news bears of TSA right now You got all the people that are like down to come and work in for free Yeah, dude, you have just like the militant guy You have the guy who's been waiting to get in the game like wait like no training but just fucking Waiting to get in the back today. This could be a really dark glass interview snippet and here's the clip or as ease predicts oh My god, bro. That's so hilarious that there's like backup Everybody's back up right now Like the park wardens are like bro. Welcome to the fucking park, bro. It's like it's just like the second string, dude He's like dude. The owls are fucking Monumental right now, bro. Take all these people for granted. That's so true, huh? well, the the raids and stuff like that are crazy because We they let so many people into the country right like without having a pattern of like This is an organized way to do something right because I think they need to organize it It needs to be organized right because it's it's odd if people are Here that they live in fear that they're always gonna be like they you know Found out or something and then it's odd that people are that there's nefarious people here that don't want to be found out You know, so I think like they need some organization of it But yeah, the fact that it gets like where people are being Ripped out of places and then you don't know also some of these days I I really believe you don't know what's real and what's not when you see it sometimes like it could literally be a scene that Was put together like some of like the Antifa stuff you would see in the park during the pandemic I watch I watch that movie. You see one battle after another. It's good. It's amazing, but it's it's it's crazy because you know, he wrote that movie a long time ago and It's like I was in Chicago and I was like damn this is one battle after another because you know in the movie it's it's very much like a Military state and like the military is just you know around going and doing this kind of stuff and it's kind of wild the dude You know, he's supposedly been working on a movie for like 15 years or so Wow, and and it's it's out now when this stuff is You know So top of mind it's so so in there, you know, yeah, Eddington was really great you see Eddington I didn't see Eddington, but I've heard it's it's kind of they're they're dealing with similar stuff I need to see that. Yeah, just a lot of things happening at once. Mm-hmm but I believe we're headed to a Surveillance state, you know, I believe that we're had that's why they're trying I'm talking about drones in the sky surveillance like that vibe. Oh my god, I mean, that's where we're heading Dude the movie I want to see this is how I think it ends blacks verse drones, dude That's how it ends bro, that is People are wanting how does time how does this all the Indian people fit in this? Are we running? We're just running the door. Okay, that right Where do the Indians fit in this movie? Okay, we need Kyrie Irving to move over to the Like what's he okay? No, I'm just thinking of a cool black guy But yeah, you're like, okay But dude, that's how it ends like I think you're everybody's like what's going on in society and like these different groups and people bat and like, you know, Genes all these stuff going on and you're like, how does it all and I think it's black first drones I don't know for me any as someone that used to live here and now comes here occasionally for work every time I come back It just feels wild and it feels I think it feels wilder to me because I think for people that are here It's like oh they're slowly seeing it get crazy So they're not going from like one to a hundred like I do like, you know my time in LA, you know, I remember You know just seeing the amount of tents and all that stuff You know coming, you know going to LA and in New York after kovat cuz during kovat I was in London the whole time with my wife. Mmm, so coming to back to both those cities after kovat. I was like, whoa Yeah, it's like a slipknot tailgate out there now, you know You know, my wife loves slipknot you're lying. My wife has a PhD in physics or how she's a genius and She loves it's like she had this emo phase and I every now that I was I'll just bring up that she loves My two favorite facts about my wife. She's gonna hate that I'm bringing this stuff. No, it's important. One is that she loves Slipknot and the other thing is that she was little miss Denmark That was a little competition for little kids when she was like five six year olds and she won Two years in a row and then they stopped the contest. No cuz she kept God They shut it down they shut it down what they don't like somebody really stepping out of the night I think they were just like we should we should be doing these little pageants for these kids and and my wife she said like they would have a you know, like oh you'd have the talent portion or whatever and She would be like, you know doing her dance whatever and they're like, alright, that's good. She's like no I'm not finished with my routine. I Don't mean to be an asshole Yeah, but I'm about to win this bitch for a third time dude. Holy shit She's like the Boston Celtics of those fucking Danish competition. Yeah, and then she had her emo phase. It got really For build against the pageant life you shut down a pageant queen like that where they can't even perform anymore That is a direct avenue to slip Cory understands how else do you even manage that sort of stress and strain? Were you gonna put those fucking pirouettes bro, you're gonna package those bitches and put them into a slipknot mosh pit in the past I've Struggled with wanting to invest You know I just I don't know enough you hear about this and this this ETF or this Stock or this this choice or this fund or this bond. It's just I just didn't know enough I didn't have the time to do it and I got kind of fearful, I guess you'd say Well, thankfully acorns makes it easy to start investing like an expert Even if you're an expert at something else other than investing. That's right. You don't need to be a finance whiz Acorns puts your money into an expert built portfolio to make sure you're investing wisely not wildly I even got my niece and nephew set up with this so they can learn how to grow their money with acorns If I needed this this is what I would use right now You can sign up and join the over 14 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion with acorns plus acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available at acorns.com slash HEO that's acorns.com slash theo to get your $20 bonus investment today I didn't think we'd get into little little miss Denmark. My wife's gonna be thrilled. Oh, that's awesome I'm glad that you found love out there man. Did you uh, were you good with the ladies growing up? What was your energy like? You know, I grew up in it's weird because I grew up in South Carolina I remember every school like in the South kind of had an Indian guy. Was it like that your school? Was there a big Indian group? There's two there's two versions of this. Okay, there's like oh if you're in like Atlanta or something There's like the Indian crew and they hang out. Mm-hmm and then there's what I grew up with which is like just me and When I was little I Kind of forget this sometimes in like first and second grade There was this Thai girl and her name was Tisha which doesn't make sense That's doesn't really sound like a tiny name, but her name was Tisha, but they left kind of a black tie like a black tie It sounds like a black tie affair. She was Thai and But they they left and then it was just me as Indian and it's in the 80s and you know It's so interesting to look back I was thinking about this and I had a conversation with my mom a while ago that really like blew me away. So first off You know as soon as I tell people I grew up in South Carolina, they're always like oh Must have been so racist all the stuff and of course there's there's moments where it wasn't nice and Calling you almost in word or something like that. Oh and word not almost. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah Those people are nearsighted or whatever. I don't know that's crazy, but There was also I feel like you know There was a time I was writing something and I asked my parents to just tell me like I didn't want to write Stuff about people being racist to people I wanted to write something positive So I was like tell me things you remember that were positive like experiences you had, you know being because someone cuz you know My parents are there in the 80s. Yeah, it's different for sure They don't people there didn't even know what Indian people were they didn't see him in the culture. They didn't see nothing Understand it looks like a black person that they didn't finish the job on Kind of you know, no judge that let's just make sure that quote is attributed to you But we're joking but it is what people were saying they had never seen Indian people before Yes, I agree not in the media or anything and so my experience, you know I'm talking about the positive stuff first off. I skipped first and second grade I did first and second grade in one year. So people were like people were like, oh my god this genius little brown boy Yeah, and and so I was like I had and I was in a small school. There was like 30 kids in my class There's 8,000 people that live in my town Yeah, but uh, you know, I was raised by my parents but first grades fucking easy, dude First grade is easy. My dad would like show me it takes a whole year. You're like, what the fuck are we doing? My dad would like write little math problems and stuff for me. So I was really advanced and like math and stuff So go back and look at it. Yeah, no, it's it's yeah You should be able to teach your kid all that stuff before they can even eavesdrop you can tap into like classrooms You can watch it's like this is so fucking easy, dude I wish you had a ring camera in there and just be giving the kids the answers and shit. What it's yellow It's like one of those ring cameras you could talk in like a children's class or whatever I mean back then no ring camera just had my dad teaching me stuff So by the time I was like halfway through first grade they called my parents like this is you got to get him out of here He's got to go up to second grade. And so I went to second grade and that was like this big Story in the school that some kid had skipped a grade. Yeah, it's like when LeBron left the Miami. It was exactly like LeBron I was like LeBron with like very elementary math problems. Yeah Yes, exactly and But you know when I was thinking about about my childhood and time my parents and and you know there was these two ladies that Took care of us first off. I was talking to my mom and she's talking about how When she came to South Carolina, my dad had been in America He was in New Jersey doing his residency Then he went back to India married my mom and then they came to South Carolina Where my dad moved because he applied for these jobs all over the country and in South Carolina They didn't have a lot of the doctor he was he's gastroenterologist. So then they moved to South Carolina My mom comes to South Carolina Swims never left India like this. She's in Benetsville, South Carolina. Not like oh you're in New York City no, Benetsville, South Carolina and My dad brings her home and then he has to go to work and I asked my mom I was like, you know What was that day like and she was like and I put this in my show She said oh I just sat on the couch and I cried and I was like, oh my god It's so dark. It's like so much braver than I I could be, you know, I mean this is no face time Nothing, none of that. You're really alone. It was cable television Yeah, but I'm talking about like to have a connection with your family or anything. There's no way to communicate You're just praying and like lighting candles and putting those oranges in that little thing. There's no Even like making a long-distance call was a different thing back then. Yeah, it's a leaven dollars Yeah, it was not the way it is now where you could you know, so she was really alone But she used to go and do laundry all the time To just be around other people and there was some lady there an older white lady that recognized that you know became some saw her with me and And And became friendly with her and they called her grandma I don't know the woman's real name actually when and and I called her grandma and She would take care of me and like kind of looked out for our family and she eventually I I think she moved or something or whatever, but she she couldn't take care of us anymore and this woman We called Nana It's what her grandkids called her. She started taking care of us And then there was this woman named Miss Bula who who would take care of us after school. She had some tits on her Miss Bula rest in peace She passed away my bad But Miss Bula as you might guess from the name Bula black woman from the south and would cook the meanest southern food for us, so I would eat Indian food and southern food and and so Nana Miss Bula part of my life and you know, I I had a sister that passed away and She was a few years younger than me and she had a very rare she had a Something called hurler syndrome. It's a super rare liver disease sorry, it's a little heavy for me, but So she passed away what's her name her name is nafis nafis that's a pretty name, huh? Yeah and she passed away and Nana Nana passed away a few years ago when I was in college a while ago now and You know, I didn't get a chance to miss Bula I got to say a proper goodbye to I went and saw her when she was standing retirement home Nana I didn't have that same moment. I was in college and and it wasn't the same kind of thing where I had that opportunity to say bye But my mom had told me that she went to go see Visit my sister at cemetery and and you know my sister's buried in in in South Carolina in in Bennettsville and you know that is A tricky thing because my family's from a Muslim background and they wanted to do They were asked in the cemetery. Can we do the things we do for our culture? And and the cemetery was like, yeah, of course, whatever you need to do, which is which is just so cool to me Cool to me that they they they were open to that and the whole community you know, we're visiting our family and everything and I Remember even like a priest came by to just you know, even though we were different religion he came and like wanted to talk to us and stuff and everyone was just so kind about it and and My mom told me that she went to go see my sister at cemetery and She said oh and we saw Nana too. I was like, what do you mean? She's like well Nana's buried right next to her. No and I just I like melted as a human because I I did not know that and and to me like I Heard that and I was like, wow, like, you know, I was saying all the stuff about craziest country isn't how crazy it feels right now but that story That doesn't happen anywhere else in the world man, like those two people my sister and This woman They're befriended you guys. Yeah have that close the bond where she's like, I want to be buried next to her I mean it was Wow, I did not know that and and and you know, I I heard that now it's like I I don't know why it popped in my head But I'm so glad it did and then I got to share that with you because I heard that story and I was like man People need to hear that story because it's not the story people Want to tell I was not the story that the media wants to tell us not a story that it's a story that doesn't Really get the clicks, but it's the story. That's probably It's the truth that most people That the human part of us is what makes us Special and that's the part that we should all try and lean into the most is that We're this special thing that can care about each other, you know, yeah, I mean the fact that these people saw my parents and and and and and tried to forge this bond with them and I mean I Hope we're still a place where that kind of stuff can happen. I think it happens a lot. I think you're just right I think it's not the like the new it's not the news, you know, but I think it is more common probably than we think Thanks for sharing that dude, it is an important story. That's a great story. Oh Sorry Did your sister have it the whole time when she was growing up when she was both from birth? Yeah, it was one of these things where you know the life expectancy with that Hurlers is not it's not very long It she passed when she was like six eight years old, oh Yeah, and was she um, and it's one of these days I I don't really talk about it very much and a lot of people even that know me don't know I had a sister because People would ask me like oh you have any siblings and I'm like, oh, yeah I got a little brother and and I had a sister that passed away and I would say it like that and then people like Like it's a very like heavy thing to hear all of a sudden and so I was like, oh, I don't want to make people uncomfortable So I'll just say oh I have a little brother and then they'll be like what's you guys gap? Oh, he's seven years. I'm Go down this Everybody out cuz we're all just hanging out the chick play right now sitting there tapping her foot like what are we doing here? No, dude, that's um, my sister was born with a rare liver disease and she had to get a liver transplant We were kids. Oh, we spent most of our childhood like You know, she was always this thing that we couldn't touch cuz she always had to have these surgeries and stuff So I think it just reminds me like a lot of that I think some of that oh man that stuff, you know I think it's just interesting when you grow up with a sibling that's sick because I think it I never even thought about it So you were saying some of this it just like I Don't know you have to adjust yourself I think to try and maybe Like my sister got most of the care right but she needed most of it. Mm-hmm So it was weird. So there were times where I'd be like, I don't you know later on in life I'd be like, oh I didn't get this care, but it was like I didn't need it the most, you know What was you guys's age difference? Um two years and she's still alive. She ended up getting a liver transplant She got one of the first liver transplant in We moved to Arizona. She got it out there and but uh, that's incredible But it was just this whole time when she was a kid She was always being flown off to these places and they sounded magical like Rochester Minnesota just different places where these big hospitals and she'd come back like this like Almost like this build a bear that somebody done a shitty job But I'm saying like just all these scars and stuff But it was just she was always just it was weird because you like couldn't hold it It was just like it was interesting. Did you have any experience like that with your sister? Or what was it? Like there wasn't that kind of? There wasn't like all these things to try because The hurlers is pretty they don't really have a thing You know, there's like, you know, oh you can maybe do a bone trance bone marrow transplant and but it's not really a thing They've made much progress on So there was never anything like that and I don't know it's interesting talking about this because because you think about It's like when you're a kid It's so hard to understand what's happening. You have no frame of reference And you know when I look back on that stuff as as an adult I can't imagine how hard it was for my parents like, you know to To have a child that has something like that and then to lose a child. It's it's you know, I can't It's strange to like step outside of yourself and Honestly, this is like some of the most I've talked about it With anybody and I'm gonna pry about it. It's just and there's also a thing in the end And there's also a thing in the end no and not at all I don't think prying at all and I think it's really interesting that you know, you had something your sister had something as well and and but you know, there's a thing with like Indian families and You know, I mean it's it's a lot of families in that time. It's like you don't talk about stuff Oh really is that like an Indian thing kind of I think there's something of like oh You're not as open about your feelings and stuff and you're just a little bit more closed off I think so. Yeah with Asian families Indian families, I think with with emotional stuff like that, you know But you guys do reincarnation so you can you're probably just like oh we can have the feelings later We can have this that's that's an Hinduism. That's a different thing. Oh really? Yeah, so you guys are one time only Islam it's it's the same as Christianity. It's you know in terms of that stuff as far as I know I'm not a super religious guy. But yes, that's the there's the reincarnation is just an in Hindu culture See you guys are one and done, huh? I mean it's always a lot of people. Okay. Yeah, but yeah, man It's got really we really went for a heavy turn after micro donkeys You're teared up over here I've teared up is but it's it's good to talk about the stuff and and and You know, it's it's it's so strange to think back about You know those times and You have to think everything my family went through especially my parents, you know, I never think about that I always think about things This is one place that I kind of like struggle with I think a lot of times I'll think about certain periods and things that Happen and I only think about it like as to how it affected me and it's like man to get into that place of where you're even thinking like Well, how did this affect my parents like I was eating dinner with some friends yesterday And in the background she has like these four kids and they're beautiful kids. They have the cutest kids and They're all going haywire and I there was the first time I thought holy shit My mom had four kids and nobody to fucking help like there was and it was imagine what that would be like these days That's it sounds impossible Impossible and our parents were able to do that kind of stuff But it was the first time that I had like even had a perspective moment like that. That was that clear, you know, oh Yeah, I just just for you to have that I think is pretty cool that you think like oh how much what my parents must have went through, you know, cuz it's like Yeah, it's like for us. It's a sibling for but for them. It's like, you know, it's probably something that feels far greater, you know Yeah Anyway, I didn't mean to delve into that man. No, no, I'm glad we did and I think it's a really interesting thing to talk about And and and for me, I you know I bet you'd be so proud of you. Oh I You know what think about sometimes is there is do you know the comic strip Comic strip live and in New York. Oh, yeah. Yeah You know that club. Yep. That was the first club I ever got passed at and There was a guy his name was Lucian hold and he was the guy that would pass you You know, you've heard of like SD at the cellar. He was like SD at the cellar. He was the guy Yeah, there's always that person. There's always a person that was a gatekeeper and I went in there when I was like 18 and what was cool about the comic strip was They had a thing where anybody could audition like you just lined up and then you could audition Which is like because you know, I don't know if this was your experience when you're starting up It's like you just wanted a shot, right? Yeah, just wanted a shot and the idea of that you could be a regular at the comic club I remember I used to go to the comedy cellar and I just be like, oh my god Could you imagine just getting spots here? Could you imagine just how amazing would be to get spots? That was my dream. I know you're so right. And so I went to the comedy comic strip they had this, you know open call like you just had to wait in line and then you'd pick from a I Believe what would do is you'd pick from a lottery and it would give you a date a date Yeah, like a month they would do on Mondays. They'd have a certain number of people that were from this audition. That's cool so I picked a date and then I showed up and You went through this one woman and if she said okay, you can see Lucien your audition for Lucien and so I got through it and then I I auditioned for Lucien and You know you wait around you wait around all these kind of things even like SNL you hear these stories up Yeah, you didn't just wait around they just make you wait around and then he and he spoke to me at the end and he was Like he was like you could start working at the club and I was like And I was terrible I was not good, but I was like very young and I was very comfortable on stage and He told me he was like, you know when people your age come in here. He's like you're still at NYU, right? And I was like, yeah. Yeah, he said, you know, um, Adam Sandler was in NYU when I passed him And so Sarah Silverman and I was like, oh wow. I mean I remember I said, oh wow, it'd be amazing I had a career like that. He's like, hmm I don't know if that's in the cards for you, but you could he was he was like the most straight shooting guy I mean, there's a very few people that are honest like that that I've met in my 20 something years He was the guy that was like that. He was like, I don't know if that's not an impression of him, but he's like I don't know if that's something that's in the cards for you, but you could start working in the club and and I would do a you would do like late night, which is like They'd have the show and then you could sign up to go on at the end of the show So there'd be like nobody there I do that all the time sure but getting up on stage even just as everything up When you're coming up you if feet if there's six people there It feels like a million people if you're so excited the feeling that is the energy that the The fear and that energy and that nervous it feels like a million and and sometimes I mean and I'll say this and you're gonna light up because you'll know this feeling Sometimes someone on the bill like that was supposed to be on it like nine o'clock wouldn't show up and they pull someone from late night And so you'd get to go on when people were still there. Yes, and I remember one time I'm gonna show these bitches. That's what I would say this kind of an aggressive nature But go but it was like this kind of like oh, I I'm gonna get to prove myself a little bit but um One time I remember Chris Rock dropped in and I went after it went on after him And like everybody was everyone's like oh Chris Rock just went on they just all start leaving and I told Chris the story the other Day, I was like I forgot this I forgot. I mean and now he's my fucking friend. It's the craziest thing in the world to me but Lucian he had a disease called a Skeletor ma I don't know why I'm saying the disease he had but anyway Skin no, it's like a skin problem. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know what it is exactly But I'm skeleton and this dude stopped looking up stuff cuz it's gotten too dark the stuff Pull up this stuff on Wikipedia's too dark He's like, oh, I don't think it's appropriate. I'm not gonna I'm just gonna let this be Wait till they start talking about mini cows again. I can pull up those cute pictures He has like a whole he has a whole barrel full You know, maybe I do bring it up because if someone wants to donate to his fund or whatever so Lucian had this disease and we knew he was passing away and I went and visited him and And it was like that movie being mortal, you know, it's like I knew he was passed away I knew this was probably our last conversation and He and dude this dude passed away, you know Chris spoke at his funeral I think Seinfeld may have said something. I can't remember. I remember I went to the funeral and I was like a little kid I remember I like went and like was crying in the bathroom and stuff because this dude was the first dude ever To genuinely believe that I could do something in our world the first person to say hey I'm gonna give you it was like fucking ten bucks or whatever. He was like I believe in the idea of paying you to tell jokes and and he we had that conversation and and I remember he said something to me and he talked about some comic that he used to know that went to LA and Not like a super successful guy, but a guy that did okay and he was like, you know He said this guy told him that he was in LA and he said that that's Lucian. Yes, that's Lucian. Oh Yeah, but all I mean he's he's like, you know if you talk to guys like they love him Yeah, and they remember him from back in the day like he was a character he he's the guy that passed, you know Eddie Murphy and like the famous story of Chris Rock is like Eddie Murphy was at the club and He asked Lucian do you have any do you have any black comics? He said yeah, I got one I'll put him up if you'll watch him and it was Chris Rock Wow, and then Eddie Murphy watch him and then put him in in Beverly Hills cop too. But anyway, dude, that's so great though It was it's a huge deal. It's a huge amount of validation cuz it's it's I Can't really explain it's still like when I think of all the things I've done in my career. It's still I Was excited is about that. I mean dude. I was like I think it was like ten years ago I did Madison Square Garden I It was a similar feeling to get past yeah, you know and But anyway, he told me the story about some guy in LA and he said that guy told him like, you know, there's all these Idiots in LA and and and if they're able to do it I can do it too something to that extent like and It was a more said it more eloquent than that. I'm not doing it justice, but he basically said to me You're gonna be okay, and he left me with that and it was really cool Lucian did yeah he said you're gonna be okay, like you're a smart guy and you're gonna be okay and I mean, I've been fortunate enough and I think I'm I mean that was what house a little kid, you know I hadn't done anything really and and you know, I Feel like I've been fortunate enough in my career to be More than okay And done a lot of great things I never would have thought possible when I was you know interacting with Lucian and You know one of my Not regrets or I don't know not just just one of my oh man kind of feelings Is that like oh this guy that was the first guy? To believe in me to see me. Yeah didn't get to see that how far I really went, you know, and and we're sorry I feel like I'm like taking up too much of your time You're a great storyteller realizing that's what honestly one thing I've realized sitting here and I can see why you're able to do what you do even more like writing your movies and Knowing like yeah saying how streamlined it is. I'm enjoying it. So go on. Sorry, you know, it's I was in a cab one time in London and I was like It's weird cuz once you become successful It's weird when you drop into a comedy club Everyone goes nuts and and everything's a little sweeter because they're excited because you're famous and I was in a cab with my wife in in London and I and someone was like tell tell us about this thing or whatever and I told talked about this whole story of something that happened to us. And when I left the cab driver said hey Really good storyteller and I was like, holy shit That was like winning an Emmy for me because I was like that guy has no clue who I am and he He went out of his way to tell me that that that made me feel really good. Was he an Indian guy? No, why would he be Indian Theo? Racism he was fully finished Finished black guy he was a black guy I love her. I mean, I love race stuff. It's fun to joke about and think about cuz it's so different and it's fun You know, that's I think but that's uh, you're right, man But yes, somebody telling you a great storyteller. It's so funny. It's some of this that one word or one thing It's like and you get it from someone that doesn't know anything Because sometimes you feel like oh man like not like oh people You feel like I don't know how much of this is sweetened up because of right ever and and and it's very frustrating because I don't think anyone that's successful like that wants any of that, but you know You get a little bit of that when you drop in and you're working on material and you know When you're on stage for a while eventually, you know if it's that good. That's the worst part You're like is this even good and you're like, you're just getting unfair reactions But then hopefully if you're self-aware enough and that judge inside of you that little party that's always hated you is still like in lurking You gotta have that guy in there. God needs to be there that guy needs to be there And if he's there, you know, cuz you know all your people oh, man, it's it's your best hour It's like it's it's getting there, right? You got to have that little guy and you got to have that little guy and look that's that's you know You know Whether it's a movie or stand-up show like, you know screening a movie It's like people don't lie eventually like they'll be sweet for a little bit But eventually they are like, all right, come on, you know that drops after a few minutes Yeah, and if you start smoking your own bullshit too, that's when it can get really spooky Oh, that's that's when you got to make sure you you know, I've I've been around people enough to be like Oh that when you start having a bunch of people around you that tell you you're awesome. That's when the everything starts falling apart Have you ever had ego problems you've ever had anything like that like are you ever able to check your own ego kind of type Of things because ego is so dangerous because it can kind of grow in the distance It's almost like something that you don't see growing It's almost like you're standing there with your shadow and then your shadow gets bigger without you noticing it, you know You know, I think I Think the way I I hopefully have been able to avoid that kind of problem is is I'm not around all the time. You know what I mean? I kind of go away in a hole and work on stuff This is like the most shit I've done. I haven't I haven't been on your podcast. I haven't been on anybody's podcast I haven't done anything. I've just been working and You know being back out in in in kind of wild. Yeah in the kind of press world It's been kind of a little overwhelming for me I get very overwhelmed whenever I finished like season one and two of my show like whenever it came on Netflix Like I left the country because I was just a little bit It was just too much for me Like I went to I went to Japan for a couple of months cuz like I really for months Did you see Kanye or not? He wasn't there at the time? But you know, I I wanted to be somewhere where people didn't really know who I was It was it felt a bit it can be a little overwhelming like that part of our jobs of red carpets and interviews No, it's a lot. Yeah, I never done a lot of that stuff. So I that part I don't know about but I can imagine But you know it I'm here and I've been doing all stuff I love doing this because we're just having a great conversation Not everything is this fun But you know I do it because I I feel like it's a part of the job and I got to support the work in the studio That paid for the movie and everything so I do it but it's it's not my I like the work I mean all I'm looking forward to is getting back on work getting back to work like to do it like being on set with some people and and being like hey do this or You know I'm going back on the road for a little bit like being on the road like that. That is a billion times more fun Then some of the stuff you have to do excluding like this and I actually like that Podcasts are a thing now because I did Amy Poehler's podcast. That was so fun. So great. She's great I hadn't seen her in a while and it's like oh bad I'm just excited to like be with you for an hour and change cuz I hadn't seen you in so long But yeah, dude, thanks for making me think about We had a guy named Tommy at the Comedy Store and I and he was like the guy and he's like this character I've heard his name. Yeah, and people Impersonated him all the time and he really was he had this long hair and he looked like a rock and roll guy and I believe he was I think he also played in a band and And he made jellies and jams and he would bring this he was this very like eccentric type of guy Yeah, yeah, but he took care of Mitzi sure But he would be the guy and he'd sit there and he'd open little curtains of the Little will call booth had little curtains on it and he'd be like you're doing good But I happen to I went to the Comedy Store one time I was trying to find out How do they do signups? I remember and I was buying a beer on the porch and he thought I was somebody else He's like haven't seen you around here in a while, you know, we miss you coming around and I was like, yeah And he goes why don't you come in come back in on Sunday, man, I'm gonna I want to I want to see you back up There and he fucking had me Whoa, did you do the other spot? Did you put your name down? Just I I didn't think about that and I just got fucking doing and how'd your set go? And it went good enough where I got to keep going but it was But before that for sure I went and signed up and waited outside and there's like a guy that's just practicing juggling You can't even talk and he's like telling his jokes through like like bowling pins and shit It's like there's all types of stuff. There's somebody training a bird or whatever He's like barely trained it. He's like trying to train it really fast in the parking lot I think you cannot train a train a bird really fast, but this is the same thing. I was talking about earlier It's so interesting to me that you know comedy Comedians were all having you know This is a crazy moment to be a comedian and people are having such overwhelming amounts of success but at the end of the day like All of us started just wanting a room full of people just a crowd and to be able to perform Yeah, well, you know one thing that was great about a good fortune dude, and I haven't finished it But I really I like it and I'm excited to see the end of it It's not that long a movie by the way, but I didn't get home last night so probably 1130 I'm just saying for people that are worried that oh, yeah. No, no, it's not our it's an hour and a half heavy But it's good, dude There were some of these like start there started be some really good plot changes for me that I really dug like right around the spot where I'm at where the You think it's gonna go one way and now it starts to change up And then I don't want to give too much away, but one thing that was really amazing about it And my friend was watching with me Was that you felt of how tough it is that first year to in LA you felt of like like when? Your character is sleeping in his car right or like when there's door dash delivery and just like the jobs you get when you first get to a big city to try to Survive the parking tickets and how you lose your car. You just come out of a place You barely had enough money to go get some avocados. It was the one thing you were treating yourself to this week It was like two avocados I'm gonna cut those bitches up and I'm gonna eat those bitches right and then I'm gonna go to sleep Right you were so excited and you come out and your fucking car has been towed because you didn't pay tickets all that shit Dude, my friend and I slept in the McDonald's ball pit We would jump the fence and sleep in that fucking ball pit Because it was like kind of some more space to lay out right like if you got under the balls There's hair in there There's coins under there But it is there's a little bit more room for your body than like because we tried to sleep in his car one night And it was just a nightmare but going through all of that Yeah, and there is the hair goes to the bottom which I don't understand how that works that's science but uh And yeah, they should do a they should see what's in the bottom of a lot of these it's not good But yeah, we would jump over the fence and sleep in one that you know that that closed at 10 We get in just get five five hours of sleep or something, you know, oh my god I'm so sorry. I could relate. No, it was awesome. It was fucking great. So we got one night We're in there do we're talking shit to each other laughing and stuff and a fucking Asian guys on the slide He's asleep He's on the slide He's very very exposed No, I get one of those high slides where there was room where you could kind of get uh, you know It was encompassed. He was in the best spot. Oh my god. Yes. He was in one of the Damn, that's better than the ball pit. That's a pro move Yeah, and even came up to the window was like a little hamster showing up Fucking dope but dude that was like but I forget you forget about all the pieces of the things and the moments that like We're so big And that was in LA and that was in LA and I think we all McDonald's in LA It's on Wilshire Boulevard like Wilshire and does that Asian guy have a podcast now, too. I hope he does I think it's Ronnie Chang You know, I was doing I was doing One of those shows of the Comedy Cellar where people don't know who's gonna show up it was like surprise headliner and it's just me working on stuff and I walked by the line and some lady goes I hope it's not Ronnie Chang Yeah, but then I found out that it's because she'd been to another one of these and it was Ronnie Chang And we talked about it in the show, but it wasn't because she doesn't like all love to Ronnie Chang. I love Ronnie Chang I just got to see him last week. I bumped into him. I went into the Comedy Cellar. Okay. Yeah. Yeah just stopped Then he was in there was awesome He's great. I just got some great specials to if you haven't seen if you haven't seen him We I get it get him to come in and talk sometime. Yeah, I know he's great But I just thought it was funny to walk by But yeah, that's one thing I loved about good fortune You and Seth Rogen are just you guys are buddies I guess it is and we spoke about this movie and you know if anyone listens gonna see the movie, please You know see it in a theater with the crowd because we were talking about these movies like I think it's worth it for sure It definitely felt like a real movie to me. It didn't feel like some forced shit you know, I know like they're like, you know, sometimes you get these movies and it's like You know, they're getting felt shit feels forced or too fake or like it's not real. I didn't feel any of that Any pandering for some like social causes or any shit like that trying to be very real Yeah, and and very funny and and you know good dude I'm fucking excited about finishing it. Oh cuz your character starts to get like what the fuck I thought he was great And then he's like but you see the different parts of us that can come out and come to the surface When different things like are attached to us? Yeah but when we were making the movie Seth and I would talk about like You know how we'd go to movie theaters and see movies like Anchorman or Superbatter You know Pineapple Express and and and you'd have like a room it'd be like a stand-up show you know like a room full of people erupting and You know, it's like what we feel when you do stand-up like if we did stand-up and there was only like one person in the crowd That's not the same thing like the people make a difference. So like seeing a movie a comedy in theaters it's something that's kind of gone away after the pandemic and everything and and I hope we can bring it back I mean we were just in Chicago last night and we screened the movie We've been doing these like little secret screenings and and I've been sitting in a little bit and watching it I'm like, I don't even remember the last time I've been in a packed theater watching a comedy so I hope the movie works and that people get to make more comedies and they get to see them in theaters because you know, it's something that I miss and Yeah, I mean especially because our movies like an original movie a comedy theatrical I mean, I really am I even lying or joking or pandering to you or to our fans? I wouldn't say that I think it's worth going to see I think if you took a date or a friend or your buddy You guys would have a good time It would be worth your money be worth driving over there and sitting in there so far and I'm not even done with it Unless it gets really bad The back has all bad the back has great We'd have to talk about it afterwards because it really relates to a lot of the things some of the stuff we were talking About earlier some of the emotional things we were talking about in terms of just just kind of seeing other people and seeing what they're Going through and just kind of giving them a look, you know I was thinking about that when my mom was telling me that story but Yeah Yeah. Yeah, that was a great story, man Do you feel like why do you feel like you have to do so much? Because this is something I struggle with in my own life Like I I think I need to have a kid or something because I feel like as I've gotten older You know, I do things like oh, yeah, I you know, I was Lifting you've done it so many TV shows you've written you've directed you've won haven't you won an Emmy before? Yeah, one two Emmys damn brother gang. Yeah, but I'm just saying like and sorry. I don't know I don't know a lot about that. No, it's fine, but uh But but doing why do you have do you do you ever know why you feel like you because some people? They could do half of that and feel extremely accomplished and they would be But do you feel like is it is it finance? Which is fine is definitely nice to have money and have security is it like is there something that you find because not Financial because doing movies I you know, I technically would make way more money touring like losing money doing these movies Like I'm trying to make a movie for theaters. It's kind of like trying to be like hey I want to build a tower records good luck disease It's it's not what's the lucrative thing. You know what I mean? Like it's interesting cuz I I My like heyday of touring and everything was probably you know ten years ago when I did The garden and all that stuff I was touring like crazy back in that time Not many people were doing theaters and arenas like there was only a few people and now it's like Fucking everybody does and when I go on tour, I'm like who's who's Alton Brown the chef? He's playing the the d-pack center in Durham He's just chopping food up and people are coming Everybody's on tour dude. There'll be a dude Julian a carrot for 11,000 people Like what is it that TV show is it cake is going on tour? I'm like, yes Yeah, is it cake tour and you're like wait I'm that's what I'm competing with people in the stands of binoculars trying to figure out it was not like this at 70 yards It's ridiculous. It's not it's not like this and the number of its fondant It was not like this and in that time there was a whole podcast boom Everybody found an audience you didn't you cut out the middleman of Netflix or whatever people putting stuff on YouTube And now all these people are touring and there's been this massive boom and I during that time made my TV series worked on these movies and have kind of stepped away But what come back you're still touring again? Yeah, I'm touring again now and and it's been so fun and I have I've had a great time But I'm also like damn dude the travel it hits me in a different way and like I'm yeah, you see October 23rd I'm getting stressed. I'm like I Can't go to Temecula I gotta I gotta cancel Temecula San Diego. Oh god, oh Modesta Monterey. Oh god, at least I can hub out of LA. Oh, no that I got a flight of Cincinnati on the 13th Oh god, then we got a flight of Louisville TSA is gonna be closed. There's gonna be like one air traffic controller Then I'm probably gonna go down on my way to st. Louis. That's gonna be delayed Indianapolis would be fun, dude Apple is then I go see my family in Charlotte. That's nice. I love Asheville Asheville is a great great town and Savannah is a great town. So it was beautiful to add that no I love the show and I love being in the different cities because you know when you tour you form relationship with these cities And you're sure oh, you're excited to go back. You're excited to see like oh, look at this crowd This one's different this energy this place is yeah And and and what's so cool is is and I think this is why people like to go to live stand-up is like even if you Watch in specials not the same as that show in that town and it's really fun Yeah, and you know for me like this tour it's been fun because I haven't toured in a while So it's a lot of stuff has happened you know I've been married where me and my wife were trying to have a kid and to go back to the thing we're talking about of like doing too much like The movies I feel like that comes from like I have an idea and I have this Vision of it sounds cheesy say vision, but I have a vision of something I want to execute and it's something I'm really excited about and I'm like racing to be on set to do like it could just Be like I'm writing something now and I have this one scene. I'm like, oh man. I just want to shoot that scene I like think this would be so I got to get there and it's a long time to get there movies are so slow You got to work with so many other people. It's a nightmare But I do it because I really love films and and I want to make more films But I do think I've realized recently like I've got a calm down like I think I've overestimated my ability To work and and and as I get older, you know burn out Yeah I've seen friends that are burned out. Oh, dude, you're looking at one of them We're not even friends, but you're looking at somebody that's been burnt out, but we could maybe be friends I mean, I hope so dude. We went we went deep here. This is deeper than I went on any other podcast We talked about some heavy stuff. Yeah in a great way. I love it. I mean, yeah, I think this is so much I've got a lot of this stuff on here. It's important. You know, it's nice to like I really I really like it But no I that burnout feeling it's like it's real. I started shedding hair recently, dude We had a frickin retired Boston detective with some of the craziest stories found a wiener on the sidewalk and it was like a real Who done it or whatever? Obviously the person missing the wiener did it but uh, so it was pretty kind of easy It wasn't like knives out actually it was like knives out. It's a long story. But um, Anyway, oh shit. I forgot I was talking about. We're talking about like just the burnout. Oh, yeah, the burnout is real That happens dude. Yeah started shedding hair all that stuff It's tough to say no to because you know, you're having a moment right now and I've had a moment and you know People start telling you to do all this stuff and no one on your side of the business is gonna be like dude You gotta you gotta chill. You gotta take some rest. No one ever says that they go. That's a great opportunity You should you should do it and you're like, well, that's a great opportunity I should do it and when I was younger I could do all that stuff when I look back at schedules and stuff I did I'm like, how did I do all this? I can't do it anymore at this age. It's a different thing and and I'm married now It's like I've been away from my wife a lot and it's not I don't feel nice about it sometimes and look I have a suggestion that help you relax go Watch good fortune Go to you go with your wife Go sit and watch it, you know like it you guys a laugh you'll get to spend some time together. It's good I do know it's out October 17th. I do want to remind everybody about that Thank you. I feel lucky you get to be in London. One of my favorite musicians James Blake lives over there. Dermott Kennedy is a is a He's in the United Kingdom. He's a guy that I really love Who Who actually is coming in town soon? Yeah, I would love to get to live over there. Sometimes people feel very He's nice. You're a little bit. I mean you probably feel this here too. Like you're a little bit away from the circus Oh, yeah, I feel totally good and the circus is dissolved the circus is it's a different thing You don't really need to be there anymore. They're finding new places. There's new mini circus is popping up Yeah, yeah, but then but yeah, but as an actual becoming a circus. No, I don't think so not too much It still feels kind of small There's a lot of people moving here and a lot of stuff going on but it still feels pretty small No, I mean I feel like that in London that I'm away from things whenever I go back to LA I start feeling like oh my God, I'm falling behind. I need to do this because you hear about it. I've just made this I'm working on I'm like Oh shit. What am I doing? I'm not doing anything. You've done so much dude. I mean from all from television to I think you had that series I watched for laws on Netflix. It was just yeah. Yeah, that was Master of None Yeah, yeah, the book that you wrote I know about dating like a year's struggling of love You've done enough you've done let me tell you this if nobody ever tells you you've done enough No, but finishing the movie was a big deal And I'm glad I did it because it took a minute to get it done and and I'm really proud of it and proud of The work that I did my whole team did all the actors did and I'd love to make more But yeah, I definitely I hear you and it's you've done a lot. That's what I mean. I didn't know I didn't know I know I know you mean it. I appreciate it. Yeah, and I think Yeah, and your sister would be so proud of you. What was her name again? I want to say it one more time Nafis, it's such a pretty name. How do you spell it? nafe easy nafis I'm so glad we Talked about that because I I feel like I'm here with some people that work with me and they're like wait what? Cuz I think when we say people's names out loud people that have been a part of our lives like even when we're talking About like if you wanted to say something illusion I think when when we say people's names they feel that wherever they are that is a felt thing Because otherwise, why would we feel it? You know it's bringing their it's it's it's putting them in the yeah, and I believe it's like Yeah, I believe they feel it wherever they are they feel it You know I think you definitely if you're here for this long you definitely keep an anchor locked in I mean the other person I was gonna mention and tell me we can If you I don't want you run late for whatever But the other person I was thinking of when I was talking about Lucian was have you ever heard of Manny that ran the comedy seller Many Dorman was the owner of the comedy seller his son gnomes there now But he oh yeah, I know gnome. Yeah. Yeah, so gnomes dad is Manny. Okay first time I ever did comedy was At the comedy seller they had a they had a new talent night, which doesn't even exist anymore now They just have like fucking ten comedy sellers and ten shows like but this was like back in the day They had a new talent night at like six o'clock And you'd bring like a couple of friends and they'd give you stage time and I did that And I was 18 years old summer of my freshman year in college Didn't do good. I did well my material was terrible but I did well because I was very comfortable on stage and public speaking and I was just kind of funny and it worked and and I came back and did it again, and I did a couple of open mics And you know had a reality check like oh fuck. This is really hard and then The third time I did stand-up third time I ever did stand-up was again at the comedy seller and It was one of these new talent nights and I For some reason this crowd me it just it I was go well. No no went Super well fuck just your stories enough to go good And they went nuts and I like said something at the end I was like oh by the way like whatever we perform where we have to bring a certain number of friends I'm I'm I'm running out of friends So if you want to come like come see say hi backstage and or whatever you know and and I was just being serious and they're they were all just losing it and Manny saw this and He said like you're yeah, there's Manny and he goes you're he basically came up And it was like some old Hollywood thing he was like you're ready for the big room. I done stand up like three times There's no way I was ready to perform at the hardest comedy And this is like comedy seller where it's like a tell Geraldo Jim Norton he's like you're ready for the big room and and so I would show up there and and They would put me on late at night almost like a late night They would it was like really odd because I probably I shouldn't have been doing it I was just so green and I was doing it and eventually You know SD SD who's the you know famously runs a comedy seller passes comics. She's like okay Let's you go on and I went on and she was like yeah, you you can't be performing here She's fucking tough She's like you can't you can't be doing this you're not ready, and I was like okay, and and then you know now again one of the you know Me Mad Square Garden whatever like this to me is the coolest thing is that? I can perform at the comedy seller and this drop in and they'll just let me do material yeah and and perform and then the crowd Goes nuts and knows who I am that's the craziest thing to me crazy That's like kind of above everything else and my biggest dream I've told people is like that I'm just like 90 years old and I drop into the comedy seller and maybe a couple of people know who I am but that I'm able to fucking hold my own but anyway, I Was there at the comedy seller one night and me and s you were talking about this and she's like you know manny saw you Whenever you were really young and and he must be up there smiling now seeing all you've done mmm and Yeah that That made me smile, and I wasn't super super close with many But he was another guy before illusion oddly even saw me in this Said something what's a reminder? I think for anybody that has a has been in a field for a while of when you take a moment to Connect with somebody that's just coming into it. You know that it could have an effect You know that's a nice reminder it means the world to him, and you don't realize because I think we're all like good Yeah, we're all in our own head and don't realize I mean yeah Especially when you're young there's one person having to believe like oh good job Little things like that, and I'm still grateful It reminded me that Neil Brennan and Amy Schumer are the ones that helped me get past at the Comedy Seller Oh wow and I've only performed like probably six seven times Maybe ten, but I walked in the other night, and I was so nervous like you want to go balls like no way I'm not freaking go enough dude, but I think some of that's just places you used to be in you know so Aziz I got a go man Thank you so much. Oh man. This was such a great conversation. I I really enjoyed it and and we talked about so many interesting things and And and really some some heavy stuff, but I thought it was great, and I'm so glad we had the opportunity to do it I appreciate it man. I think it's exciting that you get to live in London have a new experience It sounds like you've had a lot of unique experiences, and that's like that's such a gift you know God's had a lot of grace. It seems like in your whole just like ability to be creative and like man Thank you for sharing that with us. Oh, thanks man. Thank you for having me you bet and best of luck with the film dude I'll October 17th, so this week. I think and uh alright everybody be good. Thanks so much You