Hey, bad friends, come see me live. I am running around the country. I'm gonna be in San Francisco at the punchline at the end of October, Halloween weekend. Then I'm in Brea, Brea, come out and see me. Brea, California in November. Tempe Improv returning to Arizona State. I'm in Hammond, Indiana in November around Thanksgiving. Windsor, Ontario, Canada, Bethlehem, PA, Hanover, Maryland, Atlantic City, New Jersey. And then Valley Center with the Harrahs down there in Southern California by San Diego. And then also Canyonville, Oregon in February. And then finally, Wynn Casino. I'm at the Wynn in Las Vegas in March. Come see me at the Wynn in Las Vegas, baby. AndrewSantino.com for those tickets, AndrewSantino.com. You two are bad friends. Who are these two idiots? Woo. White dude and Asian dude. Woo. You two are disgusting. Woo. Oh, you two are something. We're bad friends. I went to the doctor last night. I know, what happened though? Two nights ago. Well, I saw it close up. Is your wife beating you? Are you okay? Blink twice. Of all people that talk about their wife beating them. Yeah. You're the biggest I've ever met. You're king. Yeah, you get pegged every night. Because I want to. No. Oh. That's what they all say. It's sexual assault every night, dude. No, you know what it is. A tear. So we guessed what this was in my eye. My eye got worse. It's called blepharitis. Blepharitis. How do you get it? Infection of the gland within the eye. Could have been like dirt or whatever got up in my eye. Yeah. And then, Bobby touch you. Bobby touch you. He's on one today. You want to fight today? Yeah, I did. I miss it. Yeah, he said something to me earlier. I had to physically assault him. What'd he say? It was something about. Ah, you got a lot of nerve, dude. You got a lot of nerve, dude. I went into the urgent care. Urgent care took no less than two and a half, three hours to even get in. And the woman gets in and goes, who poked you in the eye? Really? And I said, life. And she goes, oh, that's a good one. And she goes, this looks infected. It actually looks pretty bad. We should get this medicated. This is the worst part when you go to a doctor. She goes, we're going to get you eye drops. You have to do two every four hours, two in your eye, right? And antibiotics, just general amoxicillin or whatever. I go, great, we should knock it right out, right? Like I've had styes or whatever before. She goes, yeah, we don't want it to spread. And I was like, why would you say that? She's like, well, if it spreads, it can go to your brain. Whoa. And you can die. Whoa. You know what they say too? This triangle of your face, when you get acne, and if you pop it, you could die too. What? Yeah. Where? It's called the triangle of face sadness. Oh, I just saw that movie. Yeah, no, I'm saying that they're saying that if you pop the shit, is it- Who is they? They? The internet, dude. Yeah, the internet. Yeah, my doctor Reddit. Doctor Reddit said this. No. What is the danger- What did I just say? Danger triangle face. You shouldn't pop a pimple on the danger triangle on your nose. On my nose. Why? Why is it so dangerous? Just think of the small segment of your face as the direct line to your brain. So it's through the sinus bloodstream from your brain infection in a danger triangle, like picked from a pimple, nose piercing, gone wrong, possibility of a facial infection to become an infection that impacts the rest of your body. Can it really kill you? Don't panic. You're probably not going to die from popping a pimple on your nose, but technically speaking, it's impossible. It's possible. It's possible technically. You could get a brain-obsessed brain infection. Wow, this is real. Okay, so this thing in my eye though, she was like, yeah, no, it's okay. But I mean, if it spreads to your brain, you could die. And I was like, what? Why would you say that? Well, the possibilities. I didn't want to know. Doctors aren't supposed to give you the possibilities. Yeah. Really? Yeah, I'm the doctor. Yeah, hey, Dr. Lee, yes? Edel? Your eye, we looked at your eye. Yeah, what happened with my eye? You could die. My eye, I could die? You could die, you could also go blind? From blepharitis. Yeah, Freddie Mercury? That's what he had? He had something in his eye. Really? Why did I go to a doctor behind this gas station? Listen to me, I'm a doctor. Okay, you're Mr. Doctor? Chevron. Oh, Dr. Chevron. Yeah, welcome to my Chevron station, office. Oh, thank you. What race do you think that was? Sudanese. No? What? What do you think? Bangladesh. Yeah, East Ethiopia. I was doing East Ethiopia there. Look up gas station robberies now in Sherman Oaks. Big thing in the valley here, they're robbing people at gas stations. I'm not going anymore, I'm not getting gas. I'm just running out and then I call AAA. They gun butted that guy. Some guy had like a Rolex or something on and they gun butted him. Then it just happened another week ago, some guy, he got out of his car, gun butted him. They're just robbing people at gas stations. What's a gun butt? What's a gun butt? Yeah. Yeah. They hit you in the face with it. Oh, the butt of the gun. And let me say this to a thief. Yeah. Just shoot me. Don't gun butt me in the head. I don't want to fucking, just kill me. Shoot me, baby. Are gun butts? Knock you out. The butt of a gun is heavy. They're hitting you in the face with a gun. And what are they taking, your car? Anything. They've taken car, jewelry, clothes, cash, clothes. They left a man naked in Van Nuys. That's why when I pump gas. Don't pump gas. I have a lighter. You do. And I have the fucking thing, dude, right? Gun butt me, dude, right? You, Vietnam monk. Remember those Buddhist monks in Vietnam? Yeah, that's what's going to happen. Yeah, like the whole place. You're going to be lit on fire, dog. And also there's nothing to steal except for my wallet. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Or your car, they can steal your car. That's Bobby. Gun butt me, dog. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm also a dude. You know what's so awful? What if that was an accident? He was just trying to get gas for that guy's car that ran out. Yeah. Gas. Fuck. My question is, is that like, you know, you know why they did that? It was for, well, it was a peaceful protest, right? No, they're protesting the oppressive Saigon regime. It's a protest, right? Whatever happened to just making a sign? Yeah. You know what I mean? Like protest, that sounds a little too far for me. Make a sign. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like stop Buddhist hate. That'd be me. All the people are lighting themselves on fire. I'd stop Buddhist hate right here with a sign. Like, don't you think that's extreme? That's, do I think that's extreme? Yeah, yeah, yeah, dude, a little bit. The guy lit himself on fire. Like I'm a Vietnamese monk, you're a Vietnamese monk, right? Yeah. I go, we got to oppress this Saigon regime. What do you think we should do, Tony? Yell in the street? No, no, that's too, that's not gonna do much. What else do you think we should do? Get our friends together to bond together to create a community of people. I have an idea. What? We should last half our lives. No! No, extreme forms of protest encompass violent tactics, terrorism, welfare, vandalism, extreme non-violent. Great album cover though, Rage Against the Machine. That was one of the greatest. Great album. They got a lot of flack for that. Didn't they get a lot of flack for that? Album covers that got flack. You know what? Interesting topic, because McCone, you and I were talking the other day about Pusha T's famous album with a picture of Whitney Houston's dying hotel room. Daytona. Did you ever see this? No, I wanna see it. They had a photo on the cover of this wonderful album by Pusha T, and that is the photograph of Whitney Houston's hotel room when she was found dead. Oh my God, dude. And there's bottles of whiskey and vodka, and then whenever there's tin foil, you know tin foil is no good. Why? People smoke crack out of tin foil. Okay, I put my bubble gum in there. You do? Yeah, don't make a, you know what, Andrew, don't make assumptions. You're right, I'm a bad detective. Yeah, the tin foil is there for various reasons. You said I was a good detective the other day. Oh yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, The Beatles, Yesterday and Today, right, another controversial album cover. Do you know why this was controversial? Because there's babies' heads and stuff? No, because look who's in the back. It's three in the front and one in the back. Little rude, a little rude. Very odd to put him in the back, by the way. Yeah. Why'd they do that? Aesthetics composition. Aesthetics composition. What's your favorite album? Aesthetics composition, aesthetics composition. What's my favorite album of all time? No album cover. Oh. I'll tell you mine. Go. Captain Beefheart, Trout Mask Replica. Look it up, dude. Captain Beefheart, Trout Mask Replica. Yeah. Sounds like one of those Mad Libs. Oh yeah. Oh, that's pretty cool. I love that one. That's good. I was gonna give you something like Blood Sugar Sex Magic. Okay. I think I like Blood Sugar Sex Magic from Chili Pepper so much because it was also like a time in my youth. It was like something about the time of like the sexiness of the album cover. I don't know why I liked it so much as a kid, but I loved that. It's like, they're all tongue licking of like, I don't know why I thought that was bad ass. No, I liked Mother's Milk because there was a titty on it. That one was great too. Same thing, another Chili Peppers. Yeah, dude. That was a poster. You go over to some kid's house named Ryan and he was like, see my new fucking poster, dude. Can I tell you this? My mom's livid about it, dude. My dad was like, hang it up. Can I tell you what just happened with me and Anthony Kiedis? Yeah. So I've never talked about this though. For some reason, this is 20 years ago, Kiedis, Chris Rock was in the main room and Kiedis saw me. Wow. Right? Cool. And then Kiedis came up to me and goes, oh, you're really funny, this and that, right? So then Kiedis would go around town just to watch my sets, right? Like following you? Yeah. Same night or many nights? No, just throughout the months. Wow. We're being very friendly. I got his number and the whole thing, right? And then all of a sudden one day, I do this show at El Cid. I used to love El Cid. Right? Yeah. He brought the whole band out there. To come see you? Yeah. Wow. They were in the front row. I bombed so hard. Is that there? No, this is years later. I bombed so hard that he didn't talk to me for like 10 years after that, right? I'm not kidding you. It was night and day. Like I ate it that hard. No way. Oh no, it was, I still remember the show. I remember their faces. There was nothing I could do. I didn't have the skillset to dig me out of this hole. Okay? And then he just recently goes, cause you know, he has a music observatory like thing that he does with Flea. Yeah. And they do a yearly benefit show and they asked me to host it. I can't because of Irvine. And I almost canceled Irvine to do it. Yeah. Would you? No. Host a benefit show? Yeah. I would like to tank at that too. He's going to see you tank 20 years. Oh yeah. Benefit shows suck. They're so hard to do well at. Yeah. Cause people are kind of uncomfortable and they're there like, and they're stiff and they're dressed up. It's not like a relaxed atmosphere. I mean, we like doing benefits, but stand up, no. I'd rather just show up, give you money and be a part of the thing. Yeah, but you would have done it if you didn't have something to do. I don't know, man. I don't like doing those things. You bomb hard. You bomb, you eat shit at those things. Yeah. Nobody wants stand up at a benefit. They're like, we're raising money for sick kids who have cancer of the brain. Ladies and gentlemen, Bobby Lee. It's fucking impossible to do well. You bomb at, I just, it's bad. What's your opening line? What's up everybody? What's eating you? God, dude. Let me tell you guys what's on my mind. Yeah. Step right on that. Step right on it. What was it? What was it? I said, I want to tell you guys what's on my mind. God. Oh fuck. After every punch line, I go, think about it. Think about it. All right, reign it in. Let's reign it in. By the way, after you ate shit, he made stadium Arcadium. So was that your fault? Right. Sorry, dude. Have you ever bombed in front of someone that you didn't want to bomb in front of? Famous people? Yeah. I mean, I bombed in front of Rock pretty horrifically at the store in the OR. And I think from that, he's never really taken me serious because he sat in the bucket seats. He was staying at the hotel nearby, came over. Sometimes he stays in LA and just doesn't do a spot. Yeah, he'll just come by. He's so nice. He was in the bucket seats and he watched me, I mean, torrential. It was like, it was so fucking bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I brought on Fahim or someone afterwards and I'm sure Fahim fucking crushed because he always does. And I just was working out new shit in the OR and it was late night, dude. Wait, did you know he was there? I saw him. So before you knew he was there. Yeah, it drove me nuts. No, no, this is what you do then, dude. He sat down and I was like, fuck. Then you go, I have to kill. Don't do the new stuff, I have to kill. It was 11.45, it was like a late spot and I was like, fuck it. I was just trying new shit. Bobby, are there famous people every time you perform? What do you mean? Is that why you don't do new material? Oh, this guy. Okay. Is he looking for a fight, dude? Yeah. Give it to him. No. Give it to him. I have some things I could say, but. Say it. No, I don't want to say it. Say it. No, no, no, it's dark stuff. I know some dark stuff and I'm not gonna do it. Cause you like to go personal. Yeah, he really does, Dick. I have so many new jokes. I know, it is good. I told you that last time you left. Then why would you say the joke? Cause you didn't roll down the window or acknowledge me. My point being is this, okay, that I'm doing everything I can to come out with new stuff. I'm taking risks on stage and for McCone to say that joke again, it's really hurtful and rude. You're talking to one of the top 25 working comics today. Okay. Top of 100. Top of 25. Top of 1000. Yeah, we saw this whole thing and let me clear the air real fast. Let me say something genuine about this. Theo Vaughn is someone we've known for a long, long time. I can't right now. I just want to say my piece. I hope he's okay. I just texted him. He texted me yesterday. I know, I texted him too, but I'm saying like, I texted him. That doesn't mean shit. He's going through something very deep on stage. You know, that clip is gross of him saying, I'm trying not to take my own life. And I think people think that was like a bit and he's really in a dark place. So we wish him the greatest. And I was texting with a lot of other comics because I think it's a, yo, I know there's a comedy show. I just, I'll wrap it up real fast. I'm just saying, I think people don't know. I know, I think people don't know that we, some of us suffer from actual real clinical shit. And I have clinical depression. I have very dark days. You guys have lived through my shit. He's got it very bad. I'm sorry, but I think fucking people just think you're a clown and you're like, you're not a human. Well, he's a fucking human. So my heart goes out to the guy because I know he's struggling a lot. So we love him. I really do. Sorry. Sorry to be fucking honest for three seconds on the show. What do you want to do? Another Filipino accent? Huh? East Ethiopian. Sorry. Okay. Welcome to Chevro. Whatever. My Chevro, Dr. Chevro. I'll just say my, okay. So we, the reason why I love Theo so much is that I have the same exact sensitivities and vulnerabilities as he has. We have the same kind of issues mentally, you know? And when I saw that clip. It was heartbreaking. It was so heartbreaking because I understood where he was at. And I reached out to him and all I can do as a friend is say, I'm here 24 seven. I'm just available. And I'm really concerned for him. I mean, you know, he seems to be fine, but I'm still very concerned for him. Yeah. Yeah. It's a very difficult thing to survive mental health issues in this kind of environment because it's so fucking hostile out there. Particularly when it's wrapped in fame and success. I know people are like, cry me a river, rich guy, but like he's very successful and he's so famous. And that does a thing to you. It's like inundation of attention. And so it really distorts your sensibility sometimes when you're as, you know, kind of popular and wanted and everyone's around you and they want something, they need something. And I don't think people understand that. And they never, and that's okay. Also people don't understand that he is such a kind, soft, sensitive kind of a guy. Yeah, he has to put, we all put on that. Yeah, he's so mindful about his feelings and about people around him. He's just, I just care so much about him. And you read things about your friends and you just want to say, you got it wrong, buddy. It's like not him. And it's like, people say things about me, you, this and that, and I get it. And it's just a double edged sword. Yeah, and you love swords. I love swords, yes. You're a big sword guy. I'm a sword guy, katanas especially. I did get on a big kick of watching Japanese guys sharpen swords enough to drop a blade through a pineapple. I sat for hours on the internet watching this guy sharpen a blade so he could drop it clean through a pineapple. Okay, I feel like I can do that. No, you fucking can't. Drop a sword onto a pineapple? Patience, you have the patience to shave that to a fine point, you do not have that. What do you mean even by you saying this? He literally would hold the handle and hold the blade and then drop the blade and hold the handle with his fingertips. You can edit. He doesn't edit. You can edit. You can do it 10,000 times until you get it. I can do a cartwheel. I could do a cartwheel. Bicycle. Do one. What is a cartwheel? Show me and I'll do it. Entrance on Letterman, do it. That's one of my favorite entrances of all time. Chris Farley, everybody. Look at him. Yes. Look at how perfect, it's so. Yeah, I can't do it that way. That was insane. By the way, he tried to do three, watch, go back. Yeah, he tried. He bailed on the third. God, this guy was the king of fucking comedy. Go all the way back. Go all the way back, go all the way back so we can see it from fresh. One, two, watch, go three. And then he's like, oh shit. God, Farley's the man. Oh my God, dude. He was so good. I know. He was so good. Going over to Spade's house and seeing that jacket, the fat guy in a little coat jacket. Yeah, oh my God. And then he falls off the back of the chair. I mean, that jacket, I told Spade, I was like, I know you'd never sell that, but I mean, good God, I'd pay so much money. If he was still alive, we would probably know him. Do you think or not? I don't know if he'd know us, but I mean, if he was still alive, he'd be the most famous comedian in the world. Yeah, I mean, he would still probably, he could be at Spade's house one day and you could say hi. Yeah, that's how we could see him, at Spade's house. But also he probably wouldn't, yeah. What? I don't know, I just, you know, when you're in that, what he was, as big as he was and as much as he was in it, it was almost like, what's the other side of that look like when he gets clean? You know, you probably go away from comedy. You get clean and you level out. Right. Because it was so much. He'd be on the Zempik, no? 100%. Yeah, yeah. You and him would be doing Oz commercials together. Oh, Zempik, look at the lineup. Tommy Boy, Beverly Hills Ninja, Black Sheep, Coneheads, Almost Heroes, Wayne's World, Airheads, Wayne's World 2. God, dude, the guy was literally just getting started. And as we know, Shrek, the original voice of Shrek, we talked about it on the show before. Oh, so he didn't do, because at one point you tried to go serious. He didn't do like a serious role. No, the only role that he- Eventually he would have, you know what I mean? Totally. Like the whale too. Super whale. The blue whale. What? Okay. God rest the dead. I'm sorry, that was mean. God. What? Too soon? No, it was good. Okay. But even like John Candy did JFK, he was great in that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what I'm saying. John Candy showed moments of brilliance in every comedic role, but he did serious stuff all the time. The difference was Farley had soft and fun, sweet moments, nothing like Candy. Candy in Uncle Buck, Candy in Plains Trains, Candy in Home Alone. Dude, the guy, he showed moments of like unbelievable, cool runnings. A movie that was such a wacky, he was sweet in that. Yeah. One of the greatest. One of the greatest. One of the greatest. Him, John Candy, John Goodman to me, were like when I was a kid, were two of like the coolest funny guys. And Goodman wasn't your traditional comedic actor, but he was so funny. Yeah. Like King Ralph is one of the best movies I think I've ever seen. Conceptually, I don't know why we haven't done that again. Why haven't we done King Ralph again, where a fucking regular Midwest like blue collar guy inherits the keys to the royal kingdom? Isn't that a genius concept? Your great uncle left you the keys to the kingdom. Yeah. Is that not even listed on his filmography? King Ralph. I remember as a kid watching Stripes. Oh, I know he wasn't in that one. Fucking loves Stripes. But those movies. This movie was so good. Which one? King Ralph. I never saw King Ralph. Oh, dude, it's so fucking good. Who's in it? John Goodman. What? John Goodman, Peter. How did we go from Candy to Goodman? I said these two guys were kind of comedic heroes when I was a kid. I don't remember, I didn't see that transition. You didn't listen to a word I'm saying? I was trying to think, I'll tell you, can I tell you why? I'll tell you what just happened. You disconnected. I disconnected, not only did I disconnect. Somebody picked up the phone and the internet cut out. Yeah. Mom, I'm on the fucking, mom! I was trying to think of the movie Stripes. So while you were talking about the whole thing about Goodman, I was like, not even listening. I was like, what is that movie? You never listen to me. Of course I do. We go bing, bang, bing, bang, bing. When's my birthday? October 6th. No. Don't look at your phone. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not October 6th? No. It's gotta be October 6th, dude. It's not. October 16th, fuck! 10 days, but I knew it was six. Yeah, that was true. October 16th. Are you upset I didn't know? Yeah. Yeah. Simply safe. Simply safe is real security that stops crime before it starts. So you gave me simply safe. I did, we helped you install it in the house. Installed it, right, and I have a couple of Filipinos living at the house. And seven animals, right? And now I feel completely safe. Because you guys, you gotta know, if you wanna trust something, you gotta trust simply safe to keep your home, family, property, whatever it is, important, safe, that's why you need simply safe. Like Bobby, he's got cameras, he's got monitors now, he's got motion detectors. It's a game changer. It's a game changer. The agents take action while the intruder is still inside the house, man. That's right, they're there for you when they're there for you. There's no long-term contracts either or hidden freeze. You can cancel at any time. Cancel at any time. Named best home security systems by the US News and World Report for five years running. And a 60-day money guarantee so you can try it and see the difference for yourself. That's right. Right now, our listeners can save 50% on a simply safe home security system at simply safe.com slash bad friends. That's simply safe.com slash bad friends. There's no safe like simply safe. Kachava! You know what? When I want nourishment and I want something pleasant in my mouth, I go to Kachava. I'll tell you why. Okay. 25 grams of 100% plant-based protein. Yeah. Five indulgent flavors. They're all good. Chocolate, vanilla, chai, matcha, and coconut acai. They also got 26 vitamins and minerals, six grams of fiber, 85 plus superfoods, nutrients, and plant-based ingredients. I'm telling you, Kachava has changed Bobby's life because it is delicious. I love it. And two scoops. You get so much more than you could ever get from any of that other crap you're putting in your body. Energy drinks are a drain. Stop consuming them. Okay. You can try Kachava risk-free with their love it guarantee. There's thousands of reviews that agree. If you're thinking about adding more plant-based protein to your diet, this is a fantastic way to nourish your body. You can try Kachava risk-free, which is the best part about it. And Bobby got me into it because I am not a fan of artificial flavors. I hate them. He hates them. Okay. Or colors or sweeteners. I don't like GMO. Get it out of here! No soy, no animal, no gluten, and no preservatives. Fuel your daily adventures with Kachava. Go to kachava.com and use the code BADFRIENDS for 15% off your next order. That's Kachava, K-A-C-H-A-V-A.com, code BADFRIENDS for 15% off. ZocDoc, your eye. Look at my eye, by the way, I use ZocDoc. What did we do? What did we do? We gotta get on ZocDoc, and I did it to get a new doctor to help out my eye. And now your eye is getting better. It's getting a little bit better. Still looks weird, but it's getting better because ZocDoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors and click to instantly book an appointment. With ZocDoc, you can book in-network appointments with more than 100,000 doctors across every specialty, from mental health to dental health, primary care to urgent care, and more. You know, I've used ZocDoc, which is a big thing for me because I moved to a new neighborhood, I told you this, and now even more than ever, had to go back to a doctor, had to get my eyeball checked out, make sure my statin levels were good, and you can filter on specific preferences. You know, if you're looking for a male doctor, if you're looking for a female doctor, you're looking for a tall doctor, they don't have that. But everything else, all right? You can even find a same day opening if they have it. Once you find the right doctor, you can actually see their appointments right in front of your face. So how do they get ZocDoc? Stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to zocdoc.com. .com slash badfriends to find and instantly book a top-rated doctor today. That's Z-O-C-D-O-C dot com slash badfriends. Zocdoc.com slash badfriends. Bad friends. Let's take old movies like that and see some of the new comics that could fill those shoes. Okay. It's very interesting. Three Amigos. Oh my God. Me, you. No. Yeah, you're right. I mean, it wouldn't. I'd like to put us in something because I can't get any work. I know, me either. I get some fucking work. But they would, imagine a studio. You and I could do Plains Strange Automobiles and it would be fucking amazing. That'd be amazing. I mean, how much more am I Steve Martin to his John Candy? I mean, genuinely. Yeah. We'd have to get you off the Azembeck though. I have to gain weight. You have to gain weight to make it funny. But don't you think a studio would be like, okay, Three Amigos, let's go to Sudeikis first. Let's go to these kind of people first or no? Yeah, but that's fucking boring. That's not a shot at him. That's what they would do. Give me someone. We're making our world. Now I'm just saying. What are you a studio exec now? Yeah, from a studio exec, I would be like Santino or Sudeikis, probably Sudeikis. All right, let me say this. Our ecosystem, our ecosystem that we're talking about? We have friends that we know. All right, so here we go, Three Amigos. Well, you're obviously the Chevy Chase part in fucking. I mean, that would what I would want. Yeah. Who's Steve Martin then? Steve Martin would be Nate Bregazzi. Perfect. Yeah. And then you are little Nettie Needlelander? No, there's no way they would pick me. It's for us. Who are you talking about? We're casting this movie. No, no, I'm gonna be the bargain tender. Freddy Asparagus is part. Freddy Asparagus. Yeah, yeah. Hey, smile, smile. Yeah, smile, smile. Who would be. I'll do it, east. Who would be little Nettie Needlelander? Oh yeah, who would be that? Martin Short, Nettie Needlelander, who would be him? I wanna be Dusty Bottoms, so bad. That's a tough, that's a tough. And who would be Patrice Martinez, the first girl that he falls in love with, that Steve falls in love with? Who would be her? Oh shit. Angela Johnson. Angela Johnson. No, I'm trying to think of a, yeah, it's gotta be like, who's the most famous Latino comedian? Angela Johnson. Oh, Sofia Nino de Rivera. What? Annabelle Ferreira, I mean, I don't know any of these. I mean, fancy, shouldn't you know? Sofia Nino de Rivera. Shut up. It's so annoying. Wow. Yeah, it'll be her. Have her on the show. Hey, is this hurricane gonna hit Florida, or is this bullshit? Let's fucking do more hurricanes. Remember that? When we were kids, I feel like it happened all the time. Hurricane, what is that? Imelda? Pop forecasters are monitoring Hurricane Imelda, which is, am I saying that right? Imelda. Why do you think they name it names like that? It goes in alphabetical order. Hurricanes are given names to improve public and professional communication, making storms easier to identify, track, and discuss, especially when multiple storms are active. Right, because they've got, sometimes there's three hurricanes going on at the same time. I like when they combined. Oh, when they hook up? Oh, that's my favorite. When they hook up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When they don't know, and then when they combine, they're bigger. A little hor-or-gy? Yeah, yeah, yeah. A little hor-or-gy? That's a movie where like six come into one. Or you have two natural events happen. Earthquake and a- So two hurricanes that meet, you know, and then an earthquake in the ocean. Love. Which causes a tsunami. Tsunami. It just happens. And there's a tornado sweeping through the Midwest. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fires on the West Coast. Yeah, yeah, and then it just happens at one place. And then we all die. No, just it'll happen in- Oh, okay. Rapture. Rapture. Oh yeah, what happened to the rapture? What happened to the rapture? What happened to the rapture? Excuse me. Yeah. Excuse me, what happened to the rapture? What happened though? Did anyone- It said it's back on. Was anyone raptured? Here's a new date the Christians believe in. Oh, there's a new one? They got the wrong date. Wait, it was two weeks ago, right? Yeah. When was the rapture? I don't know, but- It was a Tuesday, I think. Well, let's see, go down. Let's see. Rapture 2025 prophecy may be expected to occur on the 23rd or 24th of September. That's right, it didn't happen. Failed to materialize. Yeah. An anti-climax led to the dismissal of a long line of unfulfilled doomsday claims. However, some believers say it's still coming. South African pastor Joshua Mkela, who has been- Well, I mean, that's, I didn't need to. Joshua Mkela, I don't know how to say it. It's like Mha-kela. You know what I did on the 23rd? I was waiting for the rapture. I was in my backyard completely naked. Do you know why I was naked? Why? Because when you have your clothes on, it leaves where you left. I want that to be a mystery. Right. Where's Bobby? Where's Bobby? I don't want them to know where I, you know what I mean? I feel like if I was raptured, no one would believe it. I mean, people would think, Bob, you're on one. People are like, he relapsed, he's on one, he's out there. Yeah, yeah, I don't think that, like, if people were, right? And how stupid would I be? I'd be like, you guys don't get it, he was raptured! And they're like, okay, dude, where is he? Yeah, yeah. If you were raptured, do you think people would believe it? For sure. I'm rapturable too. I don't think you're rapturable, dude. Come on, dude, I keep tempting the rapture. I keep coming at me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, who would, I don't know, dude. I'm not rapturable. I don't think, well, I don't think so. If I'm not rapturable, you're not rapturable. Well, you're, okay, fine. A person raptured is according to some Christian beliefs when they're a true believer in Jesus Christ. Okay, that, that's- I believe in Jesus. You do! Now you don't. Oh, damn it! Is that the prerequisite? Say it again? Is that the prerequisite? I love that. I love, and you did it good on that second one. Is that not how I say it? That is a prerequisite to being raptured. Yeah. You must believe. But, okay, what if I have all the other ones, except for that one? Well, you gotta talk to the guy. Imagine he gets up to fuck, you know what I mean? He gets up. What are the conditions about rapture? Do you have that? I think it's just that. You gotta believe. That's the only thing? That's it. You gotta accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior in your heart. I just did it. Seriously? Yeah, I just did it, dude. Well, you're gonna get raptured, bud. Okay. I don't think you believe that. Oh, wait, no, there's a few. Yeah, yeah, yeah, give me the few. Wait, hold on, but imagine we all get raptured and we're waiting in line and Jesus is like, why's Bobby naked? We all have clothes on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just like. And one of the apostles is like, that's a bit he does from his show. And he's like, Jesus, he's gonna give you a pub shot when he gets here. Receive Jesus Christ. You receive him. The fundamental steps to believing in Jesus Christ, accept him as your Lord and Savior and repent for your sins. Read and study the Bible. No, you don't. Okay. Pray and confess, you do. Live a faithful life, you do. Join a healthy church, you don't. Be patient and endure, you do. Is that it? Just six. Yeah. No, yeah. Yeah. So understand the event, know it's coming. So we gotta get you to a church is really what it is. Now, do you pray and repent? I pray. I pray too. Yeah, I pray a lot. Yeah, yeah. I pray for the show that fancy gets replaced. What else do you do? I've never seen you go to a church. You don't talk to God? I've never seen you go to a church. What do you mean I do? I go to church every Sunday. That's why we can't do the show on Sunday mornings. Do you really go to church every Sunday morning? Have I missed, how many Sundays have I missed, McCone? McCone knows. I mean, none. Sometimes he comes and watches the dog. Are you kidding me, dude? You go to church every Sunday? What do you? Okay, okay, stop. Not if we're on the road. Stop, stop for a second. Yeah, we can't on the road. Stop for a second. Stop for a second. Okay. May I speak? Please. Okay. That says a lot about our relationship. Why? Because you've never invited me and you don't want me to be saved. Do you know church is at 8 a.m., right? It doesn't matter. You don't want, at least one time, like, hey bud, you wanna go? Do you think you could get up at eight to go to church, for real? I went. I went annually. I go up on Sunday mornings and I go to Third and Gardner, which is an early AA meeting. I go to that. That's at 10.30, you said. Okay, you wanna go two and a half hours? But you think I sleep? You think I sleep when I go to Third and Gardner? No, I stay up all night. Well, that's not good. That's my point. I would go if you tried to save me, but you don't want me to go. You don't want me to go to heaven. I want you to go to heaven. Yeah, but then why wouldn't you invite me? Okay, look. You don't want me saved. That's fucked up, dude. I want you to go to heaven, but I do think I've already put in a couple of requests and they've been denied. It's invite only? What do you mean? Request from Jesus? It's like Raya. You can get in, but it's like, you gotta have a few people to vouch for you. And also if you violate it. You should be banned. Yeah. You got banned from heaven, bud. But honestly, if you wait a couple of weeks, I don't lift the ban. Can I? Come with me. What's the church called? I'm not telling them the fucking area. You wanna come? Yeah. Let's go. And what do you wear? A dashiki. What do you mean, you wear street clothes? Oh really? Wear whatever you want. You go to church? That's old school shit. That's old fucking fuddy duddy. It's honestly, I'm so shocked that you go to church. But you can't wear shorts. Have you ever seen me- Jesus don't like knees. Have you ever seen me wear shorts? Yeah, not really. Yeah, exactly. Actually, now that I think about it, I think I've ever seen you, no, that's not true. On a beach, yes. We've gone swimming together and I've seen you in shorts. Yeah, I know. Yeah, you've seen me in, yeah. I've seen your little thong. Yeah. Cute. Those little black things we wore. Little black thongs? Yeah. Dude, they were so funny. That's sexy. That's an album cover? What is that? It's for the Braille. Oh, a flyer for Braille. God, the kid's got a much better body now. I gotta tell you, you should reshoot that photo now. You should reshoot some of those old like, like nudie photos and see what you look like now. God, look at how young the kid is. Oh my God, look at how young I am. We want you to be saved. I want you to be saved and the fans want you to be saved and I believe you can do it. Yeah, I wanna go, I wanna, that Rapture talk was really scary and I just- I don't wanna get left behind. Oh buddy, come on. You're gonna be saved, you know why? Because you have a good heart and a good soul. The number one rule, I believe in all religions, is to try to be a good person and you're a great person and that is your entry ticket to the afterlife. Yeah, but I've giggled at a couple of funerals before. Funerals can be funny. But they've been in church, I've been gay. Every time I'm in a funeral, there's a laugh attack. Well yeah, who said that? They're supposed to be sad. Yeah. Why are they sad? Like my brother and I were at a funeral once and we heard a knock. Right? Is it closed casket? It was closed casket but we heard like that, right? And I looked at my brother and we just collapsed on the ground. So funny. Started laughing, you know what I mean? It's funny. I know, but still you're not supposed to laugh. Do you ever have a laugh fit where you're not supposed to laugh? Sometimes I laugh when I'm uncomfortable, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because you don't know how to feel. Yeah. I mean like, I learned something the other day that this is, this dimorphous expression is the phenomenon of displaying two contradictory expressions or actions in response to a single intense emotion, such as crying when happy or feeling, or to squeeze a cute object. Yeah, sometimes you feel so overwhelmed, you do something you usually wouldn't. I laugh sometimes when I wanna cry. Yeah. You know? When feelings are too emotional for me. Dude, dimorphous expression. I've never even heard of that before. What's up San Diego, we're dimorphous. I feel like, it's bawling while they play. Dimorphous expression. That's a great abandonment. Or it's a great album. Yeah. Dimorphous? Yeah. Dimorphous expression, I've literally never learned it. We're learning new shit. Yeah. I had someone I know, they had someone in their family do assisted suicide. Oh no. Which is kind of crazy. Well, because usually people that do it, do it because they have a terminal illness, and they're like, well, I don't want this to get progressively worse. I wanna say goodbye. But this is kind of a crazy story. The person, like threw themself a goodbye party or whatever. You know, these living funerals is like a big thing that people do now. Yeah. But they kept pushing back the date of the, because they, you know, had a couple of like secondaries of like, maybe I don't wanna, let's move it back a little bit. What do you mean? Like they kept changing the date of the assisted suicide because they kind of had probably a few good weeks or something. Ah. It's fucked up because don't you think after you do that, you'd be like, all right, I don't wanna do it. Yeah. If I bailed once, I'm out. I don't know if I could go through with it. Yeah, that's a dark thing. It's crazy. I'm not, it's just like, it's a hard. I don't know how to spin this, but yeah. Spin it, spin it, spin it. Pretty dark. Spin it, you got it. I know it's in there. Yeah. I don't like physical pain. You don't wanna experience any physical pain? I think once the physical pain is just, even if morphine or any of these drugs stop working, I just, I feel like I'm gonna move on. You ever had morphine? Like when I was in Vietnam? Like a drip. Yeah. Like a drip. On the field, yeah. Like a drip. Yeah. You've had a drip in a behalf of a bed? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Dude, they gave me that shit when I had my torn ligaments in my leg. Wow. Yum. It's un-fucking-real. You feel. It's warm. I mean. Oh, it's warm sunshine. Yeah. It makes me go, heroin, yes, yes, yes. It's not surprising why people are addicted to all these, you know, opiates. No, of course not. Morphine drip is the continuous intravenous administration of the opioid pain medication morphine. It's like IV, dog. Drip, drip, drop. A drip, drip, drip with that drip, drip, drip. I got that drip. I got that drip, drip, drip. I got that drip. Just two IVs in my arms. I got that drip, drip, drip. I'm just drooling. Wow. It does feel good, dude. It does feel good. It's bad news, bears. You know when you get on it. You know, they're like, be careful, because it's fun. You know what? I think in the last five years of my life, when I'm 70, I think I'm gonna do it. 70, the last five? That's the, what are you talking about? I think I'm 75, I'm done. You're living way past 80. I think I'm gonna go, you know what? I'm gonna liquidate everything, and I'm just gonna shoot heroin. Please don't. Yeah, or fentanyl. There's a new fentanyl. There's a super fentanyl, right? But I think I'm just gonna boom, boom. You can come over to my little apartment. I'm gonna downsize. I'm gonna downsize. Yeah, and I'm just gonna drip my way into heaven. Super fentanyl? There's a new fentanyl, dude. Super fentanyl. Carfentanil, extreme potency. Synthetic opioid estimated to be 100 times more potent than fentanyl. 10,000 times more potent than morphine. Damn, dude. Give that to me in the hospital, dog. They're like, Andrew, you just have a paper cut. I'm like, I need it. Who took fentanyl was like, nah, it's not enough. You know what I mean? Well, probably because they're fucking used to it. Their tolerance is too high. Do a little extra fentanyl, then. No, that's not gonna work. Listen, Charlie Sheen was like, I was banging seven gram rocks. I was like, fucking go. He couldn't get enough. That was the greatest documentary. One of the best, we were talking about that for days. It's so good. That documentary, what a life. And the thing that got him sober was incredible. Yeah, happy he did. Sheenzies, AKA Charlie Sheen. Did you see Jason Bateman's new show, Black Rabbit? Yeah, everyone's talking about it. Very good. It's very good, and Jude Law. Yeah. Jude Law, so good. Yeah, and the new Paul Thomas Anderson movie, everyone's saying great. People are saying it's good, but I've seen a little bit of other sides. I've seen people say they don't like it. Go watch it yourself. Yeah, I'm gonna. You wanna go watch it? I'll go. Yeah, let's do it this week. Let's go. Yeah, I'll watch it. Would you watch it again? I'm gonna go watch it again. Wow. Oh, you are? Because you have no life. I like going to movies. Are you dating anybody right now, or are you single? I'm single. You taking anybody out on dates? No, I like to go to movies by myself, because I can get a better seat. Yeah, I agree. I do like going to movies as well by myself, but you're not seeing anybody at all, huh? I'm not going to date, but I don't know. Why don't you be honest, because you talk to me that how badly you wanna have love. You're like interested badly in love. The problem is that people now watch the show, so. Fancy. Yeah. You know, I will get you back to Spain, pretty bad. Keep that vibe up. Yeah, I don't like watching movies with somebody, because I get influenced by them. Yeah. If they laugh or if they, yeah. Yeah, I'll be sitting next to somebody. Like I was watching Superman with like three other people, my brother, dumbfounded and Gene, and I'm watching it, I'm like, I'm trying to get into it. What's that combined IQ in that room? Sorry, I'm trying to get into it. Fuck you, dude, that's in my friend group, dude. And family, what the fuck? Your brother, dumbfounded. Gene Hong is. Yeah, he gets you over 100. Yeah. And I turned to my brother and my brother just goes. Yeah. As soon as he did that, I was like, oh, it's bad. No, that's just. And then it ruined the whole thing. I know. You know what I mean? Or like somebody will just be like, their eyes closed. Yeah. Yeah. I took my dad to Lord of the Rings, the two towers. Sleeping. Dude, because he had never seen the first one or the third one, right? Because the third one wasn't out. And I just remember just opening, what's going on, right? In the beginning. Just watch. And then like five minutes and he's just, it deepened, asleep, he's gone. Yeah, but he works a lot. He has no interest in, you know what I mean? What was he interested in? He's never seen a movie. My dad was one of those immigrants that was like, he doesn't know what music is. I've talked about this before. I know, but it's so funny to notice music. He doesn't know what music is. Turn it on, he's like, ah, ah! Yeah, but right before he died, right, I had AirPods. The translation ones, the new ones? No, no, no, no. And he was like. They finally communicated. I know what you're saying. After all those years. I love Radiohead. Yeah, in a rainbow is amazing. Yeah, weird fishes. What's this? I know. So we put in Eric Clapton. Reckoner, sorry. Yeah, Reckoner's song. We put Eric Clapton in, what's that song? Tears in Heaven. Tears in Heaven. Oh God. Put it in, we play it. Never heard music before in his life. Obviously he's in the elevator in a mall. He hears it in the ambiance of it. Pure 11. Pure 11. Pure 11. Your dad dies, he gets to the pearly gates, he's like, Pure 11. I'm sorry, sir, what do you keep singing a song? Yeah. Did he smile through the song? Did he like it? No, and he's like, we play, and he's like kind of sitting there, and then a single tear, I swear to God, comes out of his face. And it was the first time he ever, would you, would you know, would you know my name, if I saw you here? You take the next one. Would it be the same, if I saw you in heaven? In heaven. I must be strong. Is that how it goes? I must be strong and carry on. Cause I know I don't be wrong. Here in heaven. Brother, and this is about his kid falling out a window? Yeah, we didn't explain that to him. He was doing cocaine on a balcony. I don't know what the story was. Was he doing cocaine? I don't know. He loved cocaine traditionally. He wrote a song about it, but it's about his son falling out of a fucking 53rd story apartment. How do you move on after that? God. How do you move on after that? 53 floors like this. No! I mean, so long. That's so. So many stories. That's the funniest thing I've ever seen. I'm sorry. It's so long. How long is that? That's a long time. Long time, man. Oh my God. No! Forever. Whoa! Look who's here. Come on in, Prince. Sit down in these chairs. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You could have came in and mugged us. Hi boys. Did you guys lock the door? No, we left it open for you. What's wrong with that? You don't like that? Jack Black did it. Yeah, Jack Black. ShipStation. Check it, check it, check it. We go to ShipStation. We have an online store and since the inception of Bad Friends, we've been using ShipStation and we love it. We really do. If you run an e-commerce business, you know customer reviews are of an enormous impact on your business and you need scalable features to help ensure accuracy. You get shipments to their door faster and wow your customers. You wanna keep them. Automate your workflow, save time, and reduce human error through an unlimited number of ways to automate the fulfillment process. That's right. Best in class carrier savings discounts up to 90% off rates on all global major carriers, centralized fulfillment operations, all in one place with a 400 store carrier and tool integration. It's amazing. 90% off companies that stick with ShipStation for a year become customers for life. That's exactly right. We've been using ShipStation for a long time. We're gonna use them for an even longer time to get you what you want from us. So wow your customers and get rave reviews with cheaper, faster, and better shipping. Upgrade to ShipStation today to get a 60 day free trial at ShipStation.com slash bad friends. There's no credit card or contract required and you can cancel anytime. At ShipStation.com slash bad friends. Cash app. Hey man. I wanna feel safe when I'm transferring money. And I didn't feel safe. I used a competitive app years ago and I got hacked. Yeah. Okay and that was so annoying because someone was renting a boat in Florida and my bank was like, are you in Florida? I was like, no, I'm in LA. Well I needed that boat dude. You did need that boat. No and thanks to Cash App, they have high, high end security that keeps you and your money safe, that protects you the way you deserve. When you get the Cash App card, not only do you get access to a ton of perks like benefits, exclusive early access to nationwide concerts, pre-sales or discounts on popular brands, but you also have extra security with the power to instantly lock or unlock your card right from your phone in one tap. I wish I had that. Turn on your security lock in your Cash App settings now to keep your account and your information safer than ever and pay attention to scam warnings if sending money to someone new. With Cash App, you can spend, save and live your life knowing your money is right where you left it with advanced built-in security protections you count on and help when you need it. Spend with peace of mind today and order a Cash App card in the app or at cash.appslashcard. For a limited time only, new Cash App customers can use our exclusive code to earn some additional cash. For real, just download Cash App, use our exclusive referral code, secure 10 in your profile, send $5 to a friend within 14 days and you'll get $10 dropped right into your account. That's money, that's Cash App. Cash App is a financial services platform, not a bank. Banking services provided by Cash App's bank partners, prepaid debit cards issued by Sutton Bank member FDIC. Instant discounts provided by Cash App, a block incorporated brand. Visit cash.appslashlegalslashpodcast for full disclosures. Is your hair wet or just greasy? Wet. Let's go to the shower. Okay. You look good though. Look at the lettuce on the kid. Don't get defensive. He's doing all right. Ask you a fucking question, man. Your hair looks good too. Looks nice. It does, you cut it, it looks stylish. Introduce our fucking guest. Kevin Ryan H. Foley from RU Garbage. Ladies and gentlemen, RU Garbage is in the house. Hey, my friends. Thank you. Love the chair. Happy to be here. Do you like the chair? Hate the chair. Why do you hate the chair? Because I'm a fat pig, I feel like Biggie. This is what Biggie felt like his whole career. Give me the loot, give me the loot. That's the one phrase he knows. I'm not kidding, he says that every week. It's the only thing I know. That's correct, because that came off quick. I was like, damn, Bobby's a fucking. Why do you say mean, diminutive stuff about yourself? Yeah, dude. I'm all fatty. You're successful now. Are you bigger than you were before? I'm actually going on the way down. I started Zep Bound, what, six weeks ago? What's it called? Zep Bound. Zep Bound. Is it like Ozempic and We Govy? He's on We Govy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, me too. You are? I'm down 40 pounds. What do you mean, you always look good though. I've never seen you. Nah, he's super skidded up. I blew up. Really? Yeah, yeah, mine was good. I'm down 30, I'm down 30. You look great. You're down 30. Can you see? As soon as I came in, the hair looks good, he looks thin, look Hollywood. You're 35 pounds this guy's got off now. 30, 30. Yeah, thanks. What would you get the biggest where you were at? Probably like 250. Shut the fuck up. Wow. I'll tell you, five. Yeah, probably 5'11", probably like right on, smidge under six. What? 250? That was big. Okay, as many times. I was boozing a lot. Boozing, eating good food. It's like, you know. You have the roundest eyes I've ever seen. Thanks, bud. You, not so much. Yeah. Wow. Zingers. Bring them out, bring them out. And Foley, your eyes are pretty Asian-y. Really? To me, right, yeah, it's more Japanese, it's more Ronin. Okay. Yeah, you know what I mean? Like a bigger samurai. I like that. Yeah, yeah. I will say, if you gain weight, it does smush your eyes a little bit. When you lose some fucking weight, those things are gonna be big, beautiful eyes. Are you thinking about getting the injection? What do you mean, injection? Oh no, I mean, you're already on it? I'm on it, yeah. Is it the same thing as ozempic and? No, it's different. The side effects aren't as bad, and yeah. Zep-bound is a brand name for prescription medication. Tear-zepatide used for chronic weight. Okay, let's go down to, let's see what the side effects are. Generally considered safe when used as a directed, but comes with potential side effects. Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation. You already have all these abdominal pain. I don't have stuff to begin with, you know? That's how I like it. And it made me gay. Yeah, yeah. Oh, no shit? I like guys, yeah, it's awesome. And then you guys are sharing hotel rooms. Fatigue and hair loss, you got a lot of lettuce, who cares, you're fine. The constipation I have a problem with. Really? Yeah, yeah. Brutal, I take Metamucil for it. Yeah. The combat. They'll be good three days. Remember that I celebrated? Oh yeah, no, yeah, three days. Three days, and I sent you a poop photo. Yeah, it was nice. Yeah, it was a celebration. Saved it, printed it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the kind of relationship we have. You get clogged up? On this, not so bad. The ozempic, it was brutal. It was like I was getting chemo. That's why I had to stop. You throw up too? Oh, I was throwing up. Ozempic was awful, awful, awful. Now you're on it too, huh? Buddy, I don't have a fucking one side effect. I'm humming, it's great. On Zep Bound or on? Zep Bound. You guys are both on it. You guys sponsored by it? Do a read real fast into the camera. Are you a fat piece of shit? Do you have no self control? You wanna see your dick look a little bit bigger? Get on Zep Bound. Hey, Dad. Does your dick look bigger? No, same size. Really, you don't get it, there's no more life in it? 25 pounds came out of my penis. I had a very thick penis. Sorry to hear. Boys, boys, boys. You can't change that, you know what I mean? That's genetic. No, as you lose weight, it looks bigger. Mine's starting to look a little bigger. You've seen that Sidney Sweeney commercial. He's like, my jeans, my jeans are Asian. That's what I got to pick out. You know what, I don't like that. Fuck you. I don't like what we're doing right now. I'm not making it funny, I got a small piece myself. Hey, I got a little piece, that's the thing. That's the thing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I don't have one, that's the thing. I know, yeah, me too. For my body structure, very good. Like, you know, like Spud Webb. Okay. Your dick can jump high? What are you? I'm just saying. There's no chance. Obviously Spud Webb is not gonna have Shaquille Onizzi's penis. Yes he is. Yes he does. Historically, you've never heard of this? This guy has a fucking pipe. It fell out of his shorts one time when he was dunking. The confidence you need to jump that high is a little guy. Yeah, how tall was Spud Webb? Five, six. Five, six. Five, six. Wow. God, what a man, huh? He was great. Twitter's been feeding me a lot of Asian porn lately. I don't know why. Twitter's feeding you? Amen. Amen. He's obsessed that there's like full blown porn on Twitter. It's crazy, he's like all over. You know there's porn on the internet. I know, but something about Twitter, it's been two minutes. Why do you like it so much? You think just because it's like you're reading about news and disaster shit and then you get off to a little Asian. I don't know, it's awesome, I love it. What's your favorite kind? Of porn? Of Asian. Of Asian? Japanese. Japanese, Korean. Wait, wait, Japanese goes number one? Of course. In terms of porn. Japanese is always number one, everybody knows. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Japanese girls? Anime, anime, anime. Japanese has always been number one. They've been number one forever. Then Korean. Apop's making a move though. Yeah, it is making a move. Not good enough. That girl Rose is beautiful. Who? The singer Rose, you know what I'm talking about? Why are you looking at me, like I know everything? Like he's a fucking expert in every Japanese porn star? Yeah, yeah. What is it called, Rose what? Her name's Rose. She does a song with Bruno Mars. Oh. Apota. Bobby, you don't know this? Yeah. Oh, she's gorgeous. You like her? Gorgeous, gorgeous. Great singer too. Would you leave your wife for her? Absolutely, yeah. Throw it all away right now. Nice, dude. Would you really throw it away? Kevin, how about you? What, no. No. No, you're not gonna leave your wife for Rose? No. Number one girl. And of course I wouldn't. Oh my God. Taylor Swift. What, Kev? What? I wouldn't, no, no, no, no. You don't like Asian girls? No, I do like Asian. I've dated an Asian. It's the top thing we talked about before, yeah. Yeah. Well, white's number one on your list, isn't it? You always say keep it white, that's what he says. Yeah, yeah. Keep it white, baby. No. You're married to a white. I'm married to a white, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's a good looking, she's a good looking gal. Yeah, I'm not questioning that. I'm questioning the racism. He just did the Trump thing. She's a good looking girl. She's a good looking girl. Very good looking. You look at her, she's good. What's been going on with the dogs? I haven't seen you guys in a long time. On tour, running around? On tour, the back on the block tour. Getting by is what we're doing. What are you talking about? You guys are cruising. We're getting by. Rough summer, rough summer. Why? Why'd you tour in the summer? We didn't tour in the summer, we were off. Kippy had a baby. Oh, congratulations. The first one? Yeah, first one. Oh my God, congratulations. The white one too. Let's guess the name. Yeah. Donovan. That's really good. A big McNabb guy. Chad. You're attacking my whiteness? Yeah, yeah. No, because you're an artist. I'm an artist? Yeah, it's gonna be a little artsy. I call a guy fat for a little bit. Yeah, yeah. And art, I used to be able to. Yeah. You call him fat, I do the Asian thing. Devin. It's fun. Devin. Kevin and Devin. Devin's good. Yeah, what is it? What? The baby's name. Marcus. Marcus. No, we went with Dan. Dan, Daniel. Dan? Daniel. Daniel. You went with Dan? Daniel. Why? He was gonna go with Earthquake. I don't know that shit. I ain't never met a bitch named Catalyza. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mr. Pat. Mm-hmm. I mean, was that a hard struggle to come up with Dan? Irish, Irish. It's an old Irish fucking thing. Irish, that's how we do it. Okay. That's how we do it. That's some Irish pig shit. But it's not like I'm gonna fucking name my kid Chong. Should. Chong Lee. Ching and Chong would be amazing. Good name, good boy, strong lad. It's a family name. You gonna do this whole fucking game where people are like, he's in the top birth percentile of his, all that bullshit. He's a big fan. He's on his own. Yeah, see, I know, that's what they do. 99, he's 99. Well, let me guess the weight. The weight was? Him? 450. The weighted Dan, your boy. Went full term. At born? At born? I don't remember. I don't know any of the numbers. What? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't remember. Fuck. But H, when you look at the baby, do you feel like family? Does it look like you? No, it doesn't look like me. Does it feel like, do you love the baby? I mean, he's your best friend, right? I love the baby. Love the baby. Yeah. Adorable Irish baby. So if Kevin passed away, would you take care of him? I always love coming to talk to these guys. Would you take care of him? He wouldn't let me. So who's the godfather? Don't you have a godfather? Not yet. You gotta pick somebody. It's gotta be, it's gotta be. Are you nuts? No, no, no, no, it's gotta be, let me push for H. No, he's gotta be his brother. No, I would love to hear this. Please state your case, Mr. Mr. What? You were gonna say something, go ahead. Well, Chong, or whatever it is. No, I'd say Bobby Lee, my good dear friend. Okay, I don't know your brother, so this is tough. He's on that super fentanyl we were talking about earlier. Would you give me your kid if you passed away? Well, I mean, he would be first in line. Yeah, he's not him. Yeah, what do you mean? My relationship with him, you don't have the same relationship with H? I do. But I'm not Andrew. That would be like, I don't even know what that means. That would be like if Andrew left his kid with you. I would. Yeah, Andrew would leave. I would leave my kid with him. I leave my kid with him. And he would be my godfather. I would leave my kid with him, but not the other way. Yeah, so what's your fucking problem? Because he has better prospects. Yeah. Oh, I think that's what it is. And I'm an idiot. I'm a moron. You're my only prospect. You're not a moron, buddy. There's no chance. Kevin? I don't know, it seems like they're turning against me. You don't seem like a moron. You're not a moron, dude. I can answer some questions. Name me a city in Kansas. You see, the question is confusing. Kansas City. That's a good question. Kansas City. Yeah, exactly. Boom, boom, bam, bam. Capital of California. Fuck, it's not LA. It's... Starts with an S. Stop, Sacramento. Yeah, there it is. There we go. You know what, take my baby. Yay! Thanks, buddy. I knew that's all it took. I would want that, but no, it'd be bad. Do you have kids or you don't have kids? No kids. No kids. Ask me a question. What is the capital of Pennsylvania? Pittsburgh. No. Oh, fuck. Do you know? Something that comes with hot pot. Hot pot? Yeah. Potatoes. Pretty good. Very thinking. That's actually very funny. We tried this one time. Are you smarter than a fifth grader? We lost. We failed every fucking question. Yeah, we did it on Patreon. But are you guys college graduates? Yeah. I went to Temple. That's a good school. What about you? I flunked out sophomore year. God is good. Wow. Widener University. Shout out to him. Played football. Hey, Widener? Yeah, Widener's awesome. All right. I went to Skinnier. Our rivals. We beat you guys all the time. I could never catch them. The game's over, I guess. No, I went to Arizona State, dude. I'm a fucking, I'm a Dumbo Bumbo. Yeah, it's a big dummy school. People always say that. That's Arizona. I think they're awesome schools. No, wow, they're fun. Hotchett's. The party school. Doesn't the one have like a lazy river? That was like always the big thing. It was a great rumor. And they also said 90% acceptance rate. Let's go. That's pretty good. Can you check Temple universities? Yeah, it's gotta be like 30. I bet you it's under 50. No, it's, it's. Really? They have like, they claim they have like 500,000 students. They have like the biggest. What? Oh, you're just as high as us. Hey, what school has the highest acceptance rate? Do that. I wanna know what that is. Let's take a guess. My guess would be Florida State. Uh, yeah. It's gotta be a state. No, but it's like. Penn State maybe. No, they just have so many. Oh yeah, colleges, Staten Island. Yeah. Oh, SUNY. SUNY's like that. City University. 98% rate, University of Mississippi is sited with a 98%. So everyone could would have missed it. If I was denied at Dixie University, am I. Bobby, did you go to college? I kill myself? No. No, you didn't go to college. I didn't go to nothing. Why would he need to? Look at this, huh? Yeah. I'm a brainiac, dude. Ask me anything. He was already. I'm a brainiac. Potatoes, hot pot. Hot pot. Weren't you already working, like right after high school? Yeah, in a sweatshop, yeah. Making Nikes. Is that what you're saying? In fact, yeah, he made those. I made those. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thanks for the. I got some notes for you. No, you were already cruising in entertainment a little bit. No, no, no, I started at 23. Oh, really? Yeah, yeah. From high school to 23, no future, almost die. Damn. Yeah, because I had no future. I had no idea what I was gonna do. You guys got six guys on the road with you. What are you talking, a videographer, producer, age manager? Yeah, we got a guy, Diox we call him, director of operations, he gave himself that title. Pretty much drives the van and stuff. No, he's our boy Ryan D. He's great, we got him, we got two openers and a producer and then us two. Two openers, comics that we might know or no? Yeah, Colin Chamberlain and Sam Rubinoff. So no. Just right now. Colin Chamberlain. Like New York guys, Colin Chamberlain and Sam Rubinoff. Colin works with Jessica Kersen a lot. And Sam is Jewish. Yes. You have resident, you gotta have one. You gotta have, you're operating in LA, you gotta have a Jew. Trust me, I know. You guys do the bus when you're on the road or no? We have, we've done the bus. Fuck that. I kinda like the bus, you don't like it? We'll never do that shit ever again. We love it. This guy had night terrors every fucking night. You got a bad hang. I loved it. No, I'd rather just go to the hotel, get a nice hotel. I get that, I get that. You don't like waking up in the new city? No, I like waking up in a nice hotel bed instead of listening to this guy scream bloody murder every fucking night and then him up till 5.30 playing video games and peeing every fucking night. Yeah, he does. Jesus. Bobby! I poo in the, I poo in the. Yeah, you pooed in the bus. Rule number one. That's not the bus, that's the squad. You guys gotta fucking step it up a little bit. Nah, honestly, fuck this whole team. You don't know. You got a weak crew. My favorite is with Burt, being on the bus with Burt. He's got nine buses. I sleep with a baby when he's. I almost died, remember I fell off the fucking bus. You guys did that tour with him? No, no, we weren't on that. But I mean, that was national headline, I saw that on fucking CNN. Well, he posted about it so he could cancel shows. Unfortunately, Bobby will not be performing tonight. I'll be back in 2026. What the fuck happened? I cut to my ribs. So I was on the top bunk, it was pitch black, like three in the morning. Which he shouldn't be in the first place. Nah, you're a bottom bunk guy. I also asked people, I asked people, hey, can I get the bottom? I have little legs. That's on the. They're like, no, I claimed it. That's fucked up. Like, bullshit. Hand, shoulder, shame on you. Yeah, so I'm on the top bunk, it's pitch black. I don't know where, we're in the middle of, in the south somewhere. I open up the curtain, and I have to go to the bathroom. So I take my hand, but I can't see it, to brace myself on the opposite side of the other bunk. The ledge, and I miss it. And I fall forward, and I hit my mouth on the fucking thing. This guy thinks he's gonna reach across the bus. These arms are like a foot long. Jesus Christ. Got T-Rex arms. Did anybody wake up? What? Did anybody wake up? No one woke up, and I was on the ground, knocked unconscious. They woke up, they were like, meh. You got knocked out? Yeah, and there was just blood everywhere. So I go to the front of the bus, I sit there, and I go to the driver, and I go, I think I need to go to hospital. And he goes, no man, we're seven hours away. I'm bleeding, I think I need stitches. No, seven hours, dude. Oh, I fucking saw that. And I start testing Burt, everybody, no one replies. Everyone's asleep. Yeah, I'm just sitting there, just in a pool of blood for like hours. It was fucking terrible. Crazy. Yeah, get a paper towel, put some ice on it, suck it up. I did all that, what do you think, dude? Did you need stitches? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, he did. Ooh, that's a lot. I got like a bunch of stitches, and uh. Three, you got three. I knew a bunch was a big thing. Wait, wait, what do you mean? Well, he said you didn't get 15, you got three. I got a lot. Three. Four. What's it say in the lawsuit? What? 45 stitches, broken neck. You know what was great? And this is Burt and, you know, the whole team. Leann. Leann, yeah, the whole team. The squad. Love the squad. Love the squad. The squad, and they were like, you know, obviously go home, but they paid me for the gigs. Great. Which is so cool. That's what he liked the most. Yeah, sure. Every time we go on tour, he's gonna fall off a bunk. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I can't put a phone. That's getting off cheap. They're probably worried you're gonna fucking. I would never do it. Even if I died, I wouldn't do it. Not to Burt and Leann. There's other people we would sue. I love them so much. But not them. You can't sue them. You can't meet better people. No, they're probably. The best. Two of the best people I've ever. Leann, oh my, come on. She's the best. She's awesome. Yeah, she's great. You know what's so funny though? The bus thing, our driver, that was also, that guy was a fucking lunatic. We had a lunatic. The bus is like, you know, this, and I'm like, dude, what's going on? I walk up there and I pop up the curtain open, you know what I mean? I pop off the buttons. This motherfucker is going off on his wife. Do you remember this? That's awesome. He's yelling at this dude. That's awesome. He's like, that's what I fucking said! Is that when that's how it is to fucking be? And he's yelling into his headset mic. And so I was like, he's wide awake. So I clipped the button back on, went back and laid it. I thought he might be dozing. That dude's not going to sleep for six more hours. No. We'll see you later, Salt Lake City. We'll be there. Fucking bitch. We, uh. I hated it though. We had one that broke down. We did like Route 66. We had one that broke down and barely made the gig, like pulled in as like, you know. Oh, no, see. It was, we had to sleep on the bus, just parked in Tulsa or something like that. Yeah, that was scary. In a sketch, like behind the venue, cause he couldn't get the bus started. Do you guys go to Memphis by any chance? Nah. We'll never go to that fucking place. Why'd you bring up Memphis? I fucking hated it. It was PTSD. Like the venue, like the show? We tanked shit in a way we've never. Eye bombs so hard. You catch that, that just happened. Really? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. But the city of Memphis is also. It's a special kind of bomb. Recently? Yeah. Couple years ago. Two years ago. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dude, it was so bad. We've stayed, we were on the Elvis's, we were on Graceland. We played fucking the Graceland stages. And we're thinking, this is the best. Dude, we're at the fucking album. Layup. Dude, nope, tank shit. And then we were also like, can we go get something to eat? And they're like, I don't recommend it. Yeah. It's not the nicest area. I was like, well, we're hungry. That was the room. You guys don't have bad gigs? Yeah, no. Yeah, every once in a while. Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. Worst gigs, what's the city? They're not gonna name a city. No, that you tank the hardest in. On the tour, what was that? Where were we? Oh, it was that one that we pulled into. It was in Salt Lake, somewhere down there in the Southwest. Like a Denver-ish kind of town, but in, I think, Arizona. What was Phoenix? Phoenix, good stuff. Flagstaff. Flagstaff. Flagstaff, yeah. Flagstaff. I mean, we were like. A lot of cash up there. Flagstaff on a Wednesday. Fucking Soulblight. Is that the venue? That was the one we played. Oh, okay. Flagstaff got you. It was just, and it was, and like. Just soft. It was one of those things, they ended up, they had a good time, but we just. I can tell you, our fans in Memphis did not have a good time. Not with us. We just didn't love it as well. Flag's also pretty beautiful. A lot of people, a lot of whites like to go up there and get married and shit. It's beautiful. A lot of cash up there. One thing we did do to circumvent the bus, because the one on the bus is very. Circumvent, what does that mean? Go around. Okay. See, no college. I have big words around my friend, man. My apologies. Being condescending. My apologies. Let us reiterate. That stamp's pretty good. They had that, they had circumvent on it. Find a way around. The brakes are good. We bought a very nice, the nicest conversion van we could buy, and we kind of used that as the tour bus. Like, we'll do runs, DIOPs, our boy Ryan D. We'll drive it out to Michigan, he'll pick us up at the airport in Michigan, and then that's where we're cruising around in that for the week. Wait, why Michigan? Or like, wherever the runs are. Oh, I was like, yeah, you guys aren't living, are you guys living in New York? Where do you live? Queens. Queens kids, both of you? Nah, I got a Manhattan. You're not getting that. I'm on the United Way. Yeah, you're not getting that Austin itch, huh? Nah. The heat would kill me. Yeah, genuinely, yeah, that'd be good. You guys dread being here? Not at Bad Friends, but in LA. I love LA. I don't have any of that shit that other people say. That's what I like about you. I don't like it, it's, you know, it's vapid. Hey, Troop Troop, what's up, Troop Troop? I love it. I don't hate it, I'm not one of those guys, I just don't love it, it's just not, I enjoy my time out here, I like seeing my friends. I get it though. We got a fucking very nice house in the hills, we're having a big, the whole thing. Oh, you rented a crib for the kids. Yeah. What are we talking about? Nice. Nice property. Good place to OD at. So Airbnb? Airbnb, looked it up on Zillow, 6.5 million. How long are you in town for? Let me get that right. Let me say it again. Circumvent. Circumvent. How long are you guys in town for? Until Thursday. Yeah, we were here Saturday to Thursday. We called you, you didn't answer. Yeah, he loves taking people to dinner. I was looking for your car in the parking lot to see what you were whipping around in. I don't drive anymore, man, not after the accident. What accident? You don't hear about his accident? What's died? Nah. Yeah, dude. Is that true? I hit a, you're fucking with me. No, dude. I hit a couple. Look at my eye, my eye's all fucked up. I hit a couple. That was pink eyes, you know. It was in his car? It was in his fault though. Well, I mean, I was drinking, but yeah. All right, easy does it. No, it's not funny. Why would you joke about it? No, I shouldn't joke about it. I mean, he almost died, dude. Nah. Yeah, dude, it's in fucking Hollywood Reporter. Hollywood Reporter brought it up. A deadline. Pull it up, let's see if that's it. That's my ticket there from the hospital. Yep. Holy shit, you were tagged. It was really bad, dude. It was really bad. Did you get knocked out? Yeah, dude, I was there for three days at the hospital. It was fucking terrible. I don't remember anything for almost a week. Yeah. Almost a week, like five days. Who was this? Dude, he was hooked up with machines. It was insane. It was a month and a half ago. He's lying. Dude's lying. You know what? Pull it up. Let me see the Hollywood Reporter. I would've heard that. We are gonna pull it up, but here's already. Once they type it up. No, no, no, what I'm gonna say. I'm gonna get the domain, the domain. Hey, Kevin, will you listen? Nope. Yeah. Sorry. Okay. I got excited. Right now, you have sad eyes. You just complimented him. I know, but they're drooping, they're sad, and I don't like it. He's tired. So what I'm gonna say is before we look it up, I wanna say this, all right? Already, will you look at me right now? I'm not done talking. Go. All right? We told you a fact. Okay. And you doubted it. That's right, yeah. Sure. Which means there's division between our teams. That's right, yeah. Right? We're not cohesive. No, we're just not suckers. Yeah. You know what you two are up to. We lie all the time. We respect it. Comedian Andres Santino formally said that he crashed his Kia Sorento. Incident appears to have been minor. 2001. 2021. It was a 2021 Kia Sorento. That's wrong. He's been in the hospital for three, four, five years. And I'm saying, every day. I was only there for three days. Out of those four years, Dan. That was one of my favorite bits. I always kept saying, I got guy. Really good though. I crashed a Kia Sorento. Yeah. People fuck it for some reason. If you said you got in a car accident, you're like, yeah, dude, I crashed my old Kia Sorento. People are like, damn. Like they buy it right away. Yeah. I don't know why the car validates the accident. I was gonna make fun of you for driving a Kia. I was a Kia. What do you drive, flashy guy? I drive a. You live in Queens. You don't have a car, do you have a car? Yeah, I got a Jeep. Okay. Yeah. Oh, so you're better than a Kia? For sure. Yeah. I have a question. Bobby, are you dating anybody? Can you talk about that or no? Okay. No, no, no, no. I'm absorbing what you're asking. Uh-huh. And I'm gonna answer you properly. Okay. Yes, I am. Okay. Yeah, great. Yeah, I'm getting a lot of shit because they're white women. Okay. They're all white women. So you're dating casually. You're not in a relationship. All white women. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And my Asian friends and family are going, what's up, dude? Really? Yeah, and I'm like, those are the ones that like me. What do your friends and family say, what? What's up, dude? Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mexican? No, that's- Some of them, yeah. Yeah, some of them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but they go- Do other Asian celebrities give you shit for that kind of stuff? They don't talk to him. No. No, like you look at Steven Yeun. Uh-huh. He's a nice Asian woman. John Cho, nice Asian woman. I just, I can't- What's your problem? Because those Asian women find me to be unclean, which I'm not. Very clean, man. Excuse me? You're a very clean man. I mean, but people think, but based on my online presence or whatever, that I'm a dirty fucker, right? But I'm a dirty- The booger eating and stuff like that? What? The booger eating and stuff like that? Well, have you not? Of course, yeah. Yeah, exactly. I've never done it. Me either. Never once. You've eaten your boogers. I've eaten my boogers, yeah, when I was a younger man. No, I never did it. Not interested. Yeah. What about touching your butthole? If it comes out, it doesn't go back in. That's how I feel. When's the last time you touched your butthole? Bare finger. I had a stint, I had to run. I had to run, I got over it, you know what I mean? Not sexually, just touching it. What, not sexually? Oh, I was talking about sexually. What do you mean, just touching my butthole just for, in passing? Whatever. Like a little boop? Like boop, yeah. No, no, no. No? He loves it. Bobby, what about you? I'll do it now. Yeah, I'm not afraid of it. Sexually, fine, yeah, if you're playing with a toy, but I mean, you know what I mean, if you're having fun. You've done that with toys on you? You should see the size of the thing I put in my ass. Show him the thing I put in my ass. Yeah, right, he's lying. He's got it. Unbelievable, the thing, the size of this fucking thing. I wouldn't have suspected that, my man, I like that. You don't know, what do you know, I'm gay. Are you? What? Shut up. How long have you known me? Yeah, that thing, I put that in my ass. Whoa! Man, can I borrow that thing? Holy shit. No, you're married. I've met your wife, haven't I? So you think. Oh, really? You've met my beard. Nice. Yeah. No, I'm seeing a couple of guys right now, but none of them. Nothing serious. Nothing sticking. No, yeah, I've never touched my butthole un-sexual. Really? What are you doing with it? I don't know. Making sure it's there? Just crossing that line and touching my butthole. I have a difficult time committing right now. To your butthole? To your butthole? Yeah. Really? It moves. What do you mean relationship-wise? It vibrates. Huh? It goes like that. Your butthole does? Yeah, yeah, and I don't like it's sassy. Jesus. No, in terms of women. Yeah, you're playing the field, you're having fun. No, I'm not playing the field, I wanna find. You're dating. No, I wanna find, I wanna find, I wanna fall in love. No, stop that. You don't? You went through that. Get out of here. I know. Enjoy yourself. No, but I'm ready again, I think. No, that's your mistake. You're ready, get back up on the horse. Don't do it. I think I'm ready. Bobby, fall in love with yourself. Oh, oh, oh. That's how you fall in love. Gay. Nah, fuck that. Let him fall in love with a woman. No. I don't know if I'll ever get married. You're too old for that shit. No, for sure. How happy are you, you got a boy? Yeah, very. Are you fucking amped? Yeah. Are you nervous? Yeah, it's crazy, I'm still nervous. I don't know what's going on. Did you do a gender reveal thing? Did you do one of these things? Nah. Shoulda woulda coulda did. Woulda been fun to do. Did you, have you done that? No, I don't have any kids. You don't? No, but if I did, I think I would do the gender reveal, but I do it real crazy. Like what? Blow it up, you know what I mean? You would do a golf ball, you'd do the golf ball. That's what you gotta do. No, no, I'd like, you know, like light a boat on fire, color in the smoke. What I mean? Real extravagant, something obnoxious. Are you guys gonna have kids? You wanna have kids? We can have kids. No kidding. No, we tried, yeah, it doesn't. Are you fucking around? The dates are bringing that up. It can't go through the butthole for some reason. I don't even know why. It doesn't make it, it's not a loop. I know we thought it was a loop, but it's not a loop. No, we tried, we can't do it. You being serious? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we tried. I tried to get them to adopt maybe. Would you wanna do that? Yeah, but a white Slav, you know, a little white Slavic baby, they're giving, those are pretty adoptable right now. Really, not a little Asian kid? Not a white Slav. Little Asian kid, I got a little Asian kid. Hey buddy. I have one. If I was gonna adopt, yeah, I mean, like I have friends that were adopted and that's a whole nother set of things that come along with it. Sure. So I might, but I don't know, I'm just not sure. The good thing about adoption is you got time. You know what I mean, like I don't have to do it. Do whatever. Yeah, do whatever you want. You're not fighting a biological clock. There's always a kid wanting to be adopted. Maybe, seriously, maybe. I'd like to adopt a kid that's like 17. Give him one good year. An athlete, get an athlete. Yeah, dude, you know what I mean? Get him up to Chaminade, one of those high schools. If you adopted a kid and years later they wanna find their biological family. Yeah, that's what's tough. Depends if that hurt your feelings. No, if the adoption is open or closed, right? Some of them are. Even if it was closed, they're like, you know what, dad, you're a great dad. I mean, even though you're so angry sometimes, but anyway, I'm gonna look for my biological family. Is that okay? Yeah, that's good. Go back to China. Is that what you want? Hold on, Bob. Go back to China, I'll send you right back. Wait, that's the reason why. I'll put you in the box that you came in and I'll send you right back. You'll be on the bottom of a Hyundai trailer. See that attitude you're doing right now? That's the reason why I wanna find my biological parents because this is not the way you talk to me. Wait, hang on a second. Well, you're the only kid I know that didn't get into Mississippi State. How about that? Back to China. Hang on, so the kid you would adopt would be, the kid that you would adopt would be a bad actor? Is that what's going on here? Whoa. What was that accent? What? What was that accent? You're better than that. No, no. Cleveland, dude. That is a outside of Cleveland actor. Well, let me do it again. I was a kid. To Australian. No, no, dude, no. No, to Australian. Yeah, I adopted an Australian kid. I do British, so give me that, make it easy. Cockney. Date. Cockney? That's not Cockney. Brother, he's not getting dialects. Date. Yes, son? I want to find my biological family. Well, they're in China, I told you that. What the fuck? I thought I was British, Date. Well, you are. You're a British Chinese kid. You do a kid, then. Don't do it, dude. Yeah, don't. We're your gay parents, we adopted you. It's a fantasy we play out all the time. Hell of a fantasy. You're 18 years old now, and you're telling us. Telling you what? I'm gay, and I want to hook up? Sure. That's the kind of porn I like, by the way. Fuck, fuck, fuck it. Step parents porn, very nice. I did see on TikTok today a montage of kids coming out to their parents and their parents being so supportive. It made me cry. Oh, that's awesome. Was there any one not supportive, though? That's not the montage I saw, but I'm sure those are my favorite ones. What? Yeah, yeah. No, not in my house. That's crazy when that happens, when you hear that shit. Oh, dude, that supportive? How could somebody, not even that, that kicked them out? Oh, I can't believe that. How much of a fucking piece of shit? I had a buddy when I first moved to LA. This guy that I met, his parents sent him to pray away the gay camp. We talked. Oh, that's crazy shit. Yeah, dude, but it made him more gay. Yeah, I hear those places are hot as shit. There's a bunch of gay guys in the woods. Yeah, it's awful. It's like there was nothing, they were never gonna fix anything. It's a fuck party. And his mom used to say wild shit. She'd come, we lived in the same complex. His mom would come and visit, and she'd be like, how come he can't get a pretty girl like the girl you're dating? And I had to fucking keep up the lie. I was like, ah, I think he loves being single. Oh, really, she didn't know? No, they fuck. They just had denial. Yeah, sheer denial. But don't parents know? You would think. You can usually smell a gay in your house. Yeah. Right? Yeah, I'm just like, dad, dad. Sure. Yeah, you ever go over to your friend's house and they're like, this is my son Riley. He's like, hello. You're like, uh-oh. Yeah. Yeah. I thought his parents already knew. Do you like dancing, Riley? Yeah, I think they know from a young age. Yeah, of course you know. I'd just be like, yeah, I know that already, kid. Yeah. Get the fuck out of the house. And what if, now, pick your beads. What if your son came to you and said, dad, I think I'm gay. What do you say? I'd be okay with it. Yeah. Great. Would you be disappointed at all? I'd start calling my daughter, but sure, no, I'm kidding. No, I mean, I think, I don't know. I'm three months in. It'd be weird if he told me now. Five months, that's what they do in five months. Maybe it was a caca cake. So stupid, dude. I like, ah. Starts listening to the chapel rhone. Yeah, I don't know. I would be fine. You'd have to be fine. I don't know. I'm a progressive guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. My best friend's gay. Right, sure. On the weekends, sometimes. You never tried. What? You never tried to flip the other side of the menu as Charlie Sheen. Great line. We were talking, we were discussing that. One of the best lines I've ever heard. Great line. That whole thing is fantastic. Doing your show, doing your show, one of the most fun, I remember doing it and being like, oh yeah, I wanna go, that'll be fun, that'll be cool. And then I did it and I was like, that's one of the best, most inventive podcasts on the internet. Your rhythm is perfect. You guys' relationship is fucking amazing. Seeing you guys grow. We love you guys. I love you guys. Seeing you guys grow and I was also like, this is, some people take off and you're like, when, you know what I mean? When it happens to someone, you're like, yes, good, yeah, that is the goal. This should be the big thing. Go, go, go. We love you guys so much. Everybody in the ComedyPod community. Little Sphere has been so great to us. Oh, you guys are fucking great. And nobody's jealous, nobody's, high tides raise all ships. Yeah. And that was an away game. We want you in the studio when you're in New York. I come to New York, yeah. I did it. Both of you. You did it in the old studio. You were in the old studio. You got a nice big spot. I know, but I went to the side of one studio. Yeah, you did, take it easy. Jesus Christ. We'd love to have you back. Where's the new studio at? Midtown. Second biggest comedy podcast studio in the city. It's bigger than it is. It's bigger than Schultz's, yeah. Wow. But Schultz's is. Come for the game, come for the game. Schultz's is way nicer, and his staff is all cool as shit and gorgeous. They're all minorities. You guys have only whites. That's why I want to go to RU Garbage. No, we got an Italian guy. Yeah, we got an Italian guy. We got an Italian. We don't eat with him, but you know. You guys want to promote anything? Yeah, check out the pod, RU Garbage, we do twice a week, public and then Patreon as well. We have a very active Patreon. And we're on tour right now. Back on the block tour, all tickets available at rugarbage.com. It's stand up and we play AYG with the crowd. And we have a special, the Route 66 special, which is a combination of all that. And we each have half hours on our page. Go see the kids. rugarbage.com is where you can get all that information. We'll put the link in the description down below for the fans. We appreciate you guys. We love you guys. Thank you for being garbage friends. Love you. Thank you for being part of Garbage Panda. And say, into that camera at the same time, say thank you for being a bad friend. Thanks for being a bad friend. Good boys. Woo. Yeah. Woo. Yeah. Woo. Yeah. Woo. Yeah.