Marjorie Taylor Greene, thank you very much for doing this. I really appreciate it. I was just telling you a very diverse group of people in my phone text me every week and say, did you say see what Marjorie Taylor Greene said? These are people that are Democrats, Republicans, people that are socialists, people that are more, you know, cultural conservatives. Your message is resonating with a lot of different diverse groups of people right now. What do you attribute that to? You know, we were just talking about the need for like a new lane politically. A lot of people are feeling that the country is like incredibly divided. You have become kind of this because you've always kind of been a very outspoken figure and people had strong opinions about you. Why do you find now the things you're saying are resonating with so many different types of people including liberals? You know, I've basically been observing the same thing. It's based on the phone calls that are coming in my office. It's in my social media comments, people that reach out to me. I'm also experiencing that same thing. What I've been doing is being just completely honest in my statements. And I'm 51 years old and I'm a mom. I've got my three children are 22, 26, and 28. And so I'm not only have lived a lot of my life and been very successful, but now I'm seeing my children try to pave their way in our country as adults and I'm seeing the challenges they're facing and they're horrific. And so I'm taking basically a stance that is truly from a mother's heart and how broken I see our country. And it really upsets me deeply. It angers me. And I think for people to understand like well, who is Marjorie Taylor Green and what is she saying? A lot of people that maybe don't know much about me don't know that I didn't come up through the Republican ranks in Georgia. I've lived there my entire life, but I never even went to a single Republican Party meeting until I showed up at one and said I'm running for Congress and I campaigned on being angry at Republicans for not doing what they campaign on and not governing when they have power. But I'm also angry at Democrats for many of the destructive policies that they do govern with when they have power. And I'm looking at our country and listening to my friends like Tucker Carlson, not only Tucker Carlson, but regular folks back home back at home and they're all saying, you know, is our country on the verge of a civil war? And then I also have feelings of my own just through experiences of extreme death threats and hateful monologues and, you know, being called clan mom by Jimmy Kimmel and, you know, just being treated this way where at times I'll say I want a national divorce. I don't want anything to do with the left. But then at the same time I go, oh my God, I do not want an America where we have a civil war where we're fighting one another and because that's that's too horrible. But I look at these things and I'm so disgusted with Washington, DC. I hate politics. The two-party system is extremely broken. It is failing all of us. And when I look at, you know, here goes another hundred billion dollars to Ukraine or 30 billion dollars to Israel, but yet nobody can afford health insurance premiums. And then I'm getting yelled at by Republican. My Republican colleagues for saying that out loud. I'm like this. This is insane. You've been a leading voice. You know, Trump campaigned on transparency is administration campaigned on the idea of reducing if not eliminating corruption in Washington, it's going to be hard to eliminate it. But you know campaigned on reducing corruption. We have a situation now where I don't know and you could correct me if I'm wrong. Was it how many Republican congressmen and senators voted to keep the Epstein file secret? Right. I mean, isn't this I mean, I'm confused, right? I'm also confused that an administration that runs on America first is we're still arming the Ukraine. Yeah, we're still funding the Ukraine. We've hopefully just got a peace deal done with Israel and Hamas. But we've given Israel lots and lots of money. Are you confused? Because a lot of us are confused in terms of what's happening. Why are the Epstein files not coming out? And why are we unable to pull the plug on some of these foreign entanglements that are costing us billions if not trillions of dollars? Great questions. I'll tell you I've been strapped in a front row seat into all of this for about five years now. So I'm always a very early indicator. And I think there's a lot look I'm MAGA through and through there is nobody can challenge my credentials. I mean, I was never a never Trump or right. I was always 100% Donald Trump 100% America first. But here we are and I'm an action person. I'm like don't tell me you're going to do these things right and not do them and that's what I've always been upset over right. And when we're looking at it's like, what are we getting here? We are. What are we nine months 10 months in? Tomahawk missiles got the president and I love them signed off on Tomahawk missiles to be given to Ukraine. That's not going to bring peace. No. I'm very grateful that he is ending the war and doing everything he can to end the war should be given credit for that 100%. Oh my gosh. He genuinely 100% for what for Israel and Gaza. Okay, release the hostages all day long. But for the love of God these people in Gaza have been brutally murdered and it's it's over the top and the IDF is still unbelievably controlling and brutal to people at checkpoints. It's not just it's not just Muslims. It's also Christians that live there. It's everybody and I'm really thankful that he's worked hard on that. But what are we doing? We're buying out and doing a buyout with Argentina like, huh? 20 billion dollars. 20 billion dollars. Bailing them out. Then he just did a concert. I don't know if you saw the president of Argentina was singing and dancing like I mean, it's unbelievable. You know, again, a lot of people I know cannot afford to buy a house. Yeah, they're not working. You recently said something I think about health care, which we'll talk about later on. But let's go back to transparency because I don't want to I don't want to let that go. Yeah, I everyone everyone that voted for Trump Vance. Everyone was like release the Epstein files. Right. This is not even an argument. It's not even debatable. It's not it's not being a traitor to the president to sign my name on a Thomas Massey discharge petition to release the Epstein files. No, no, no, no. I'm I am staying true to what we've always said there needs to be transparency. But the things that have shocked me this past week and I was thinking about this morning. I was like, you know, I've been here in Washington all week and I've been been at my office. I've been in the Capitol. There's two things I couldn't find this week. I couldn't find anywhere the Epstein files and also couldn't find the Republican plan to fix the absolutely destroyed health insurance industry that got wiped out in 2015 with Obamacare. Like those are the two things I can't find and when Republicans and I'm criticizing also Congress big time. I'm really grateful to a lot of the things the president is doing but I'm really upset with the direction Congress is going. But when we when we are not doing anything to address the cost of living, we aren't doing anything about Blackstone buying up houses where people most young people can't find a house and they're having to compete in bidding wars. Right. And we're not doing anything about health insurance premiums then for the love of God. What are we doing? Right. Why are the Epstein files such? I mean we could all imagine why they're such a you know, the third rail of American politics. Is it because a foreign government or an ally of America was blackmailing our politicians? We don't want that out. Is that is that a crazy thing to suggest? Is that a wild thing to say or is that in your estimation a very likely impossible reason that these things are not coming out? Well, I can not actually tie. Will you look and get my purse and hand me my purse? If you have the Epstein files in your purse right now, we're going to get more views than we ever have. I pray she's about to take the Epstein files out of this. If you take the Epstein files out of this purse right now, I'm telling you, we'll get so much YouTube revenue. I'll buy houses for the people that can't afford them. I'm going to read you a little less that Thomas Matthew read. Okay, and I can only read it because he's already read it on the house floor. This is the most heinous crime ever by the way, it's crimes against children. Okay, this is this is we so the women the women these poor women by the way, these poor women raped they told they they went in front of the biggest press conference I've ever seen in Washington and sit in front of cameras shaking terrified and talked about being raped when they're 14 years old Jesus. I mean and they these are there's there's known hundreds of them, but they think there's an estimated 1000 or more of women and these women are begging they've done everything they can everything they know how they've they went to the police they they filed lawsuits. They have done everything they can and they're terrified. There's a group of them. It's not all of them. There's a smaller group of them that that really say that it wasn't just him and they are scared to release the names and it's understandably so because when you release big names like that you get sued. Absolutely. Right get sued into the ground. Now now Thomas Massey read and we don't have those names yet. Okay, just to be clear. We don't have those names. We have a description of them. Okay, so let's go over this descriptive list. Yes. All right, and then people can really understand why these women and why I myself said I'm not suicidal right, but I am afraid of this has been so suppressed. It has been so covered up and it makes no sense. But let's just go through a few things. Hollywood producer worth a few hundred million dollars a royal prince a high-profile individual in the music industry a very prominent banker a high-profile government official one high-profile former politician one owner of a car company in Italy one rock star one magician half half a dozen billionaires including one from Canada. So and Thomas Massey read that on the House floor. So this is okay to say it's already been said right and we have speech and debate clause we can talk about this right. However, when you think about a list like that, those are very powerful people with a lot of influence and that's just the list of these people it doesn't include the foreign country governments that Jeffrey Epstein was involved in right the the circles that he walked in the business that he was able to do and this guy didn't seem that impressive to be able to end up in that kind of position right. It feels like there's something incredibly damaging not only to those in, you know incredibly powerful and wealthy people, but it does feel like there's something in the intelligence world. They don't want coming to light. We were told by the women's attorney very specifically in our private oversight meeting that the press wasn't in we were specifically told they said you need the CIA files. They said get the CIA files which are probably destroyed. I so here's what I think, you know what I I look at a lot of not to be negative. Destroyed countless absolutely right Tim and any common American knows that yes, like to really think that there's some super duper secret room that really contains this information still sitting there is really naive probably a lot of information on many issues has been destroyed and this is why maybe we'll never find out but is it worth trying a thousand percent? Yeah, it's worth and you become a hero of people by the way that have survived sexual assault and rape at the hands of powerful people that couldn't do anything about it. Maybe not necessarily in this case, but people all over the country in the world that are going they're not seeing a lot of people be a champion for them. See, that's the message. I think I think that's the message that we're sending to some teenage girl or teenage boy. I mean kids whoever you people trapped in a situation that they don't they don't they think they can't get out of someone that was maybe kidnapped when they were younger and they're seen being held in a human trafficking situation. If if if we don't at the top level of our government push for transparency against the most well-known convicted pedophile in history and and his network of influence if we don't push back to release that information then the message that we're sending these people and it's very real is that they have no hope and I don't ever want anyone like that to think they have no hope reportedly Trump is talking to the DOJ about and I this could be a it could be a headline that I misunderstood about potentially pardons for Ghislaine Maxwell and Diddy. Is that a joke? I mean this is in the news. I know I hope it's a joke. George Santos has been in solitary confinement. I wrote him a letter trying to get him out. Of course. When you have George Santos sitting in solitary confinement, but there's consideration given to P Diddy and Ghislaine Maxwell it seems odd that that's I'm sorry that's we can't do that. Yeah, and and I'll say on top of this. I think the prison system is is a terribly flawed system. I think it needs an overhaul all the way around. I'm not for just releasing criminals. I'm not saying that but I think we could do better in that system, especially I mean it just given the fact that I know what happened to George Santos and I know what happened to so many people arrested on January 6th, right and I know their circumstances there's we could do a lot better job in that area, but I just have to say that it's not going against the president because the women have already said that he did nothing wrong. It's about transparency releasing what you have and it's about treating the American people like adults. Yeah, who can handle the reality that a lot of people in this country that are very prominent have done horrible things, right? Yeah, and and we can you know Democrats deserve their criticism. They could have done this in the past four years. Well, I didn't do it. It's kind of mutually assured destruction, right? I don't think anyone believes this is like a partisan problem, you know, neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over one and a half million people. Everyone I know is on neutrophil and they all love it. You can feel great about what you're putting into your body since neutrophil hair growth supplements are backed by peer-reviewed studies and NSF content certified the gold standard in third-party certification of supplements while many supplements rely solely on ingredient studies, neutrophil clinically test final formulation to ensure their efficacy using a variety of hair measurement tools. I have friends on this. One of the younger comics who opens for me has taken this his hair is doing great and we are still making fun of him even though he has hair now and he says well, you can't make fun of me anymore because I have hair so we've found other things to make fun of him about his lack of success mainly but see thicker stronger faster growing hair with less shedding at three to six months with neutrophil for limited time neutrophil is offering our listeners $10 off your first month subscription and free shipping when you go to neutrophil.com and enter the promo code Tim Dillon find out what neutrophil is the best-selling hair growth supplement brand at neutrophil.com spelled nutrafol.com promo code Tim Dillon that's neutrophil.com promo code Tim Dillon pumpkin patches apple orchards sweaters the best parts of fall all have one thing in common. They're better with coffee with trade. You can explore roast that fit your taste from rich and bold to smooth and nutty and use them to make all your favorite fall coffee recipes at home. It's like having your own coffee shop tailored to you. I love trade. It's a number one coffee destination in the US for both hot and cold coffee drinkers. They've sourced the best beans from over 50 top Roasters across the US for cold brew lovers. They've teamed up with 15 Roasters to create a special collection made just for cold brew. So every cup comes out smooth and delicious every time trades prices are on par with grocery store brands, but the quality is next level whether it's smooth cold brew or cozy hot cup plus you're supporting local Roasters with every cup. It's a win-win take your quiz and in under a minute. They'll recommend coffees. You'll love if that first bag isn't quite right. No problem trade will replace it for free until they nail it right now trade is offering 50% off a one month trial at drink trade dot com slash Tim. That's drink trade dot com slash Tim to get 50% off one month drink trade dot com slash Tim. Now I wanted to talk to you a little bit too about you've been one of the more vocal opponents of a pack of of, you know, the incredible amount of influence that a packs lobbying efforts have over people in Congress and most people don't know what a pack is right or you know, I got to be honest. I knew what it was, but I was unaware of the level of influence that it had. There was a lobbying group like any other group the more and more you learn about a pack the more and more you question why it's not registered right as a foreign government lobbying. Absolutely. And you know when you see Netanyahu in the White House all the time all the time all the time when you see policies that most Americans I think find abhorrent starvation of children terrible, you know, by the way, I don't think that's because Americans hate Israel. I don't think they do. I don't hate it. I don't think any I don't I don't I don't know anyone who does know I don't know anybody that does either as a matter of fact, right so but they're looking at this any criticism I've lost friends. I've had people unfollow my social media accounts, which is in my generation as a as a 40 year old that's very hard. But these are prominent people right. You know one of them runs CBS News who cares but over this issue and I voiced dissent but by the way not even nearly what other people said I was pretty I was just like we had an this yeah and but the mildest criticism Megan Kelly one of the most moderate people. Yeah, you can speak to she's an independent. She's really independent. She is a registered independent them the mildest criticism of this issue. You were called an anti-Semite. That's right. You are you are said to be way out of the political mainstream and dangerous and everything like that. If I had I've had big agents call me and you know and and and be like why did you go down a bad road when you you know, what's going on? I have been shocked by it as well. So it's like popular in Congress to say China bad Russia bad, but you can't say that we shouldn't be influenced by Israel. Like what is that and then I counted up. So here was another thing. I couldn't believe like we've never voted on a resolution denouncing the violence against young white males in this country. Yeah, we would never write something like that. Right. However, since I've been in Congress, we've had 22 resolutions denouncing anti-Semite ism and denouncing anything resolution to denounce anti-Semite ism even do or mean what even is it nothing? It's it's just a piece of paper where it says we as Congress denounce anti-Semite ism. Okay, why do we have to vote on that? Don't we already denounce anti-Semite ism, right? It's but we take that but this is like it's literally like they just have to keep doing it. You just have to keep doing it, right? You just have to keep doing it and I counted 22 times since I've been in Congress that we've had those kind of votes, but yet we never denounce other things that are significant and important to what's happening in America, right? Right. And so that was shocking to me. I've never been given any APEC money. Wow. So I didn't get invited on the super duper special Israel trips. Did you see that? What is it 250 people? It's it happens. Every was recently they had one for like 200 people or something. It's an August. Oh, it's an August. It's a routine. Get us on that. It's yes, a routine trip. When you get elected as a member of Congress, if APEC approves of you and they've been donating to you and you're one of their candidates, which is most members of Congress, they take you to Israel. Okay. So just so you know, every year every August that's our August recess. That's the one month where we are not here in Washington, DC. We go back to our district. That's called a district work period. It's a time to get back in your district back to the people that voted for you work in your office for the love of God. See your family and friends, you know, be a normal human a little bit, right? But that's when they take them to Israel is during our one month. Is this every year? It's every other year. Every other every other year. Now they take all the new freshmen that come in because we're elected every two years. So every other year there's every two years is a whole new pack of members of Congress, but not just the freshmen go a whole bunch of existing members of Congress go on the trips and they have a Democrat trip and a Republican trip. Well, they they bring them in. They they spend time in having all types of informative sessions. They meet with members of the Israeli government the Prime Minister, of course, Benjamin Netanyahu meets with them and it's extensive. They go on tours. They spend a lot of time there and that's what that's what happens. That's what a pack does and a pack also is a big group of donors in America and it's there's a lot of Christians. And the group and there's a lot of Jews. It's American Jews and Christians and they donate to all kinds of just state candidates state and federal candidates and they donate to them, but it's purely for the purposes of having their support for Israel and that you have to register under the law under Farah. If you are a foreign lobbyist for a foreign country, so any American citizens Saudi Arabia. Sure any any of them are registered all they have to be as a foreign lobby. It's required by a lot one exception is Israel for some reason a pack does not have to register and Congress people Democrats Republicans are are are there all the time hearing from the Prime Minister and the Israeli government about how to better advocate for Israel in America. Absolutely. They all come back with the same talking points. The reason why we have to continue to give them 3.8 billion dollars every single year because it's for their defense. We have to fund their Iron Dome. But by the way Israel has they have state-funded health care. They have state-funded education college education. Israel is not anywhere in debt. Like we are there in less than 400 billion dollars in their national debt. We're in 37 trillion dollars and the aid that we give them is very possible that their state health care and their state education United States of America is paying for that. All money is fungible right all money is fungible right. No one can ever say it's not all money is fungible. That's right. And then but here's the most interesting thing these other foreign countries. They're they're not taking our members of Congress on trips that last for weeks on August recess periods. That's not happening. I guess they should start. They may be back. Yeah, that's the pushback does all these other countries. They spend a lot more money on on lobbying Congress, but I'm like, yeah, but Israel is the only one really coming out getting our military to fight all their Wars for him. Do you think this this generation generationally seems to be changing people my age and younger drastically are are are looking at the images that came out of Gaza and they were going I'm funding this. Our country is funding this. Tick tock just got sold. By the way, I'm sure you know, I do. Okay, I voted against the tick tock ban right away. I was one of the few right. It's very interesting to me that yes now is just sold to Larry Ellison who is the single largest private donor to the IDF right in the world. I just learned that recently as yes. And I mean you can donate to anything you want. God bless. Sure. However, it does seem interesting. Curious perhaps that the largest social media app in the world that was the driver of a lot of anti-Israel sentiment amongst young people in the West primarily America was recently bought by the largest donor to the IDF to the Israeli military to the Israeli military Larry Ellison his son recently purchased Paramount which includes CBS News Barry Weiss who we like charming. We like Barry Weiss. But Barry has a political agenda. I don't think that's I don't think that's is that shocking to someone. I don't think it's shocking. She now runs CBS News. There are talks to potentially for the Ellison family to buy Warner Brothers Discovery or yeah, I believe that David Zaslav runs that now there's talks about that which owns CNN. Okay. When we look at what's unfolding right now in terms of access to information censorship, okay. Yeah. Are we troubled? A lot of people I know are troubled a lot of people. I know feel that this is a power grab to try to control the information coming out of that region. She have we ever seen that before? Yeah, right. So I'm just happy. Now. We've never been through that. So, I mean, you know enough you point this out. If you pointed out your I will be called a conspiracy theorist or something anti-Semite for sure, whatever it is, you know what I mean? But everything I just said was just a fact. Those are just facts. These are just facts. They have nothing to do with the peon. I'm not editorializing all at all. By the way. You said a company was sold. Here's who bought it. Right. Here's one of their biggest donations is to a foreign country's military. Yeah. These are all just facts. These are old facts. Yep. So, I mean as a member of Congress, are you worried about consolidation in the media sphere with regard to the information that Americans are getting not only about this conflict, but about everything. Yes. And so in 2022, I took to my personal Twitter account on January 2nd and I created a massive tweet thread all about COVID and against the vaccines and why they shouldn't be approved by the FDA and against masking and and just went 100% against what was supposed to be the talking point. Right. COVID and I'm a member of Congress and literally that day my Twitter account was I was permanently banned on Twitter permanently banned. Yep. A member of Congress sitting member of Congress. My account got permanently banned for saying things that probably a lot of what you were saying now is completely non-controversial. Right. And my reaction to that. Am I allowed to say words on this? You say anything you want. Okay. My reaction to that was fuck you. Right. Okay. Unless in the last Larry Ellison just bought my YouTube channel, which I will sell him and if he buys my YouTube channel, then with this whole interviews cut but gone. Yeah. So by permanently banning my free speech. No one changed my mind. As a matter of fact, I got deeper ingrained in it, right? And I got more radicalized in it. And I would not refuse to wear a mask on the house floor and Nancy Pelosi find me $2,500 every single day that I walked on the house floor not wearing a mask and I got more vocal and I got more invested that money. But legally so no, but I got more radicalized in my opinion, right? I was like, how dare they they completely silence me. Over this. I'm going to tell you right now toothpaste is out of the tube, right? And it is smeared all over the bathroom, right? Not only is it younger generations, I would say 40 and under but it's also in my generation and the baby boomers there. They're too glued to Fox News and CNN every day. However, these these all these young people I don't care who owns tick-tock. There is not going to be any mass programming and propaganda campaign that is going to change their opinions, right? And they're going to get censored. I guarantee you that and they're going to get shadow banned or whatever happens on tick-tock. It will start happening. I bet it already has started happening, right? And that's not going to go well from seed oils to stress toxins to pollutants to modern world is screwing with our health at the cellular level leading to exhaustion brain fog digestive issues and more but here's one thing you don't have to settle for feeling like garbage 24-7 armor colostrum is nature's original health hack packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that fortify gut integrity strength and immunity revitalize hair growth fuel stamina elevate focus and help you function like a human again. We've worked out a special for my audience receive 15% off your first order armor colostrum. I'm telling you right now so many people I know including myself are starting to use this and we are so thrilled that we have found it because we are feeling more focused. We're feeling more energetic. We have strengthened immunity fortified gut health ignited or metabolism vitalized hair growth enhanced skin radius fuel performance and recovery. Armra colostrum. They're not a supplement ingredient or superfood. They're a bioactive whole food or bioactive food. They're not physician develop their physician founded. It's not a formula. It's not process. It's pure potent natural and clean. It's not beef colostrum or breast milk or milk. It's bovine colostrum. We don't boost your immunity. We balance and strengthen your immune health. We've worked at a special offer for my audience receive 15% off your first order go to try arm rat.com slash Tim or enter TAM to get 15% off your first order. That's try armor.com slash Tim try armor.com slash Tim armor colostrum. I'm telling you right now. It is so cool. You're going to love it. Everyone loves it. Energy focus string. You're eating french fries at the beach and you want to take a quick dip in the ocean. So you put a seagull on watch. That's not security. That's catering for the seagull. There's a reason you wouldn't trust a seagull with your french fries. Just like there's a reason you wouldn't trust your insurance company with your case because when people show up whether it's for help or answers or for justice, they deserve somebody who's actually on their side. There are plenty of reasons to hire Morgan and Morgan America's largest injury law firm for over 35 years. Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people just like you and me. They've got more than a thousand lawyers and a hundred offices nationwide hiring Morgan and Morgan is just like hiring an army that has your back. If you're injured by somebody else's negligence, you deserve to be paid. And here's the truth. Not all law firms are the same. Hire the wrong one and you may be beat before you even start. If you are ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan their fee is free unless they win for more information go to for the people dot com slash Tim. That's FOR the people dot com slash Tim. This is a paid advertisement. When you look at an issue like health care and issue like affordability has the administration done enough to help the quality of people's lives. At this point prices inflation is stabilizing sort of the prices have not come come down at all. The job market is job market is still extremely difficult. Wages have not gone up health insurance premiums are going to go up car insurance goes up every year people's homeowners insurance goes up rent is going up people young people have no hope of buying a home and then when they try to buy a home they end up like I said, they end up competing with like Blackstone or somebody average home buyer now is 38 years old. It just came out right the average home buyer. 38 on the flip side baby boomers can't sell their homes right pay massive capital gains taxes. They don't know like well, what do I move to how do I downsize? I can't replace what I have right there. So there are problems on both ends right. The these are the issues that matter so much to Americans. These are the issues. I know people that literally some of my own personal family members some of my own personal friends. They're getting by month to month charging up their credit cards. Literally that's how they're getting by charging up their credit cards and no all I've seen is a revolving door of foreign leaders in the White House. That's all I've seen guitar of course, you know, everybody countries that are positioning themselves as you know as partners of you know, right and I so I do appreciate the president's efforts. He's trying to end Wars. He's also trying to make it fair again for American trade. But at the same time that's getting that is bumpy. It's bumpy bumpy and I'm talking to major manufacturing companies that are they're saying we support the president we support what he's trying his long-term goal, but we're having problems with these tariffs and now we're having problems. We can't get supplies from this country and we can't get supplies from this country and there's there's problems but has the has have regular people's bank accounts been been affected has the stress come off. No, that has not happened yet and that needs to be the major focus. It shouldn't be about helping your crypto donors or your AI donors or welcoming in these people that hated you and spent money to try to beat you but all of a sudden are excited to come out to the to the new Rose Garden patio. Yes, that that shouldn't be the focus. The focus should be the people that showed up at the rallies stood there for freaking 18 hours trying to get in in the rain and the cold and the 100-degree heat that for those people. Those are the ones that I care about. Those are the ones that that that voted for not only the president but every single Republican gave us power. I don't think those people are being served and that's the constituency. That's the one that matters to me. That's the only one that matters. That's the only one that matters. That's the only one that matters. You're not concerned if Sam Altman has enough money or Elon or the Tim Cook or Mark Zuckerberg. No, they seem to be doing fine. They're doing just fine. They seem to be doing fine. Why does so few people talk like you're talking and when when people say things like this, it's very obviously popular with people that are looking for anyone to have these thoughts, right? Like some people would accuse you and they go that sounds socialist that sounds, you know, right? There's a lot of people that will come out and go you sound like a socialist you sound like Bernie Sanders. You're using words that people can, you know, like into Marxism or whatever it is and a lot of people will say that what happened to you. That's the narrative right now. That is what happened, right? What happened to Marjorie? This is what people are saying. Like people are saying what happened to Marjorie Taylor Green. It's the funniest thing to me. Yeah, because you know what it is. Yeah, I'm I'm literally nothing happened to me, right? I'm saying the same thoughts and feelings that I've always had. Yeah, but I'm not willing to wear the Republican Jersey, right? And I'm not willing to be a cheerleader. I'm not I'm not a cheerleader. I'm not going to be a cheerleader. Here's the thing is so for example, okay, let's take health insurance for for example, I am a conservative and I can say we're $37 trillion in debt. We cannot afford a socialized health care plan in America. We literally cannot but at the same time I can say we sent almost $300 billion to Ukraine. We spent sent $30 billion to Israel in 2024 alone. I can say we definitely should extend these these ACA tax credits and we need to build an off-ramp because it'll cost $30 billion a year to do it. We can build an off-ramp and open up a new system that will serve every American. Yeah, right. So my conservative friends will say Marjorie. No, we cannot do that. We cannot spend that money on that, but I'm not willing to allow millions of Americans people. I personally know constituents in my district. I'm not willing to allow their premiums to double and triple overnight starting in January of 2026. I'm willing to say no, no, no, we're going to have to yeah, we're going to have to fund it, but we're going to have to build an off-ramp and build into a new system. And that's not me being a socialist. That's not me going against my conservative values. That's saying stop sending the money to all these foreign countries and let's actually spend it on Americans and actually fix the system. And so that is confusing to people. They don't understand that the Medicare cuts are around $700 billion or is it Medicaid? I forget. Yeah. Yeah, it's it is tremendous. It's a tremendous. It's tremendous, right, but we're also 15 years into the Affordable Care Act into Obamacare, right? And that's that's outside of Medicare and Medicare, right? Right. So a lot of people are wondering why we have these Medicaid cuts rural hospitals would be affected. Yep. And and people are going to be thrown off Medicaid, but we are spending so much money all over the world. Again, when you look at this big beautiful bill that was passed, I don't know everything in it, but I do know it was an expansion of the federal debt, obviously. Yeah, but a lot of money was cut from programs of people. Use like Medicaid. What explains that? So that was so the big beautiful bill that's been renamed as something I can't ever remember because I'm not good at the yeah, I don't know what they email me in the morning. So it had a lot. It has a lot of great things in there. Sure. It did a lot of good things with the tax code. It did a lot of good things for America First Energy, which we desperately needed because the Green New Deal not going to work. It had a lot of border security stuff in there. I love all of that. Love it. Those are the things I liked. It had 50. Oh, it has 50 billion dollars for rural hospitals. That's a piece that a lot of people don't understand. Okay. It cut out what it did is it cut out any payment for illegals and it takes people that should be working put them back to work and get them off the system. That was the idea there. So when you hear people when you hear people getting kicked off of Medicaid, that's what it's talking about is getting those people that are using abusing the system back out into the workforce. These things are incredibly difficult to do. Here's my thing. We put so much emphasis on industries like oh my goodness, the war industry, the military industrial complex. We put so much emphasis into Big Pharma. We put so much emphasis into the insurance companies. My goodness, they get a tax credit for every single person that has a health insurance plan. We put so much emphasis into all these foreign countries every foreign country, especially Israel and their wars and whoever they're mad at and we go to war and we bomb them and then we defend them for for whatever they want. Right. I don't think Americans if you really sit down with a group of Americans and you go, okay. Hey everybody. We have this pile of money. Would you like it spent on your causes that help your life or would you like to continue in the system that we're going on? I personally as a taxpayer myself would like to take our pile of money that we have every year and literally spend it in ways that help Americans live. Right. And I don't think that's a radical thing to say. No on the on the military industrial complex, you know, there's a lot of interests in Washington. Obviously, they're financial. Some of them are ideological. A lot of times they are connected ideologically and financially. When you see an about face when when President Trump goes the Ukraine can now win all the territory back from Russia. It feels like it is kind of insane that we're encouraging more war and we're going to directly or indirectly fund this with weapons instead of trying to negotiate a peace. Now, he might be behind the scenes trying to do that. I don't know. But what happened there? What are these are these people in the Pentagon coming in and going you cannot you could you know, we don't advise making a deal here or you know, we're going to look weak or I mean, is he being influenced by people? Are there generals that are telling him something? Is it that we couldn't strike a deal with Putin on the minerals that Lindsey Graham keeps talking about these minerals that we need to have right? Like what exactly is going on because everything we've talked about is everything that I think the American people would say. Yeah, it is. Are we we're in year what three or four of this war with the Ukraine and Russia. Oh, I know it actually started in 2014 and our right, right. It's a whole it's in and out right Crimea, which is a lot of why we can't seem to dig ourselves out of it, right? Well, we we've egged this on but then let's actually go back a little bit. I mean we've our country in many ways has been invested in telling Americans brainwashing us that Russia's bad Russia's bad. Yeah, every Hollywood bad guy in a movie was a Russian, right? I mean we're supposed to believe every American is supposed to believe that Russia is bad bad bad yet. They seem to be a pretty unapologetic Christian nation that I think is awesome. Also, I really think that's pretty cool. And here's here's what's intriguing to me, but you don't even have to like Russia to not want to be involved in the war, right? I don't want to be involved in the like I just think that like you could say Putin's not a great guy and that there's things there that have happened that are obviously undemocratic. I don't I my concern is like this country. We're not contractually it obliged either right Ukraine's not a NATO member nation, right? They're not even in NATO, right? We don't have to defend Ukraine, right? So there's no no reason right, but yet somehow it's the most important thing that we've got to get involved in and little see that that's disturbing to me. And the other thing is is we've spent all this much sent tons and tons of money over there, but there's a bunch of extremely wealthy Ukrainians that all have incredible homes and and cars and countries like France and other European countries. And I find that to be pretty sickening our own tax dollars were used not only not only to pay Ukrainian government pensions, right to bail out small businesses, Ukrainian small businesses when American small businesses were going out of business because of covid lockdowns, right? The whole thing is insulting. Yeah, the whole thing seems absurd and yeah, but why are we told that we have to fix that war? We don't have to fix that war at all. And why does it make why in any way am I a bad representative representative of Georgia by the way, why am I bad if I really don't care what happens to their territory and who gets it and how it works out? Yeah, how does that make me bad Georgia? But at the same time, yeah, but at the same time, I'm really really really angry that my district can't get the appropriations because Mike Johnson wants to pass a CR every other month. It seems like we can't bring tax dollars back to my district. I can't get my party being threatened by I mean, if he's not bringing the house back or releasing the Epstein file, who's my Mike Johnson to me seems like someone who's being threatened. Like this is a completely conjecture. I have no proof of this, but he has the vibe of someone that seems to be I don't know. He seems to be incredibly pensive and overly cautious or does this does it seem normal to you that does he seem I don't know. I mean, you know him. I don't know. I mean, he seems scared. I think so. My Johnson the nice guy. I'm sure anybody that meets him you're going to say what a great guy. Sure. Do I think he's really up to the task? No, and I proved that when I tried to get him out of the speakership. He's being he's being intimidated somehow. I don't I don't know. I don't have an answer on that. I really don't. Okay, I genuinely don't have an answer. I guess but here's another guy that I can't agree with our strategy being cash, but tell seems like he's being intimidated. I haven't talked to cash in a while. So I don't know. Okay, I'm just saying this is just the outside perspective. I look at cash, but I go this seems like someone who's you know, he looks like a deer in headlights. He seems you the messaging over in the FBI seems I don't know. It just seems it's not satisfying to anybody. That's watching this. I was just talking. I have a neighbor that lives in my apartment building and he's retired from the FBI and we were talking about Mueller and talking about James Comey and he was describing to me how the FBI used to be and he said that those men absolutely destroyed the FBI. How completely radically changed the institution, right? And I do believe that about many of our government departments and I think when people come in and they're in the top position, it is extremely difficult to know what's happening all down through the ranks. I do believe that right. I think that is incredibly hard. I think that's at the DOJ. I think that's at the FBI. Oh my goodness what Bobby Kennedy is up against at the HHS. For sure. I mean these institutions these giant departments ever since Obama have been filled with Marxists have been filled with some of them communist. Yeah, I'm just Democrats and then remember these institutions got filled with those type of employees. Then you had President Trump's first term and that's why you saw the resist movement and these government offices literally had resist signs in their windows or in their cubicles when President Trump was in his first term. So and none of them got fired by the way they stayed in through there. Then you get Joe Biden their presidency and there it is smart filling these positions filling these roles filling these departments with those people in that mindset to the point where we had literally insane trans people in charge Dei reigned everything and the whole everything got flipped upside down. I think most Americans are happy that the Dei stuff is being unwound. Yeah, nobody. Yeah, once it's fundamentally un-American idea and I think a lot of Democrats got tired of it too. Yeah, a hundred percent. I think they were like we don't want to do this anymore. People in my business got tired of it. It the paint-by-numbers rabbit identity politics. Yeah, is something that I think a lot of people tire of it's exhausting. Very much so. It's performative activism, virtue signaling, stuff like that. According to the National Institutes of Health as many as 30 million men in the US experience ED. It's more common than a bad night's sleep. The good news, HIMSS makes getting access to treatment simple. You can feel like yourself again without the stress or awkwardness. Confidence shouldn't be complicated through HIMSS. You can skip the guesswork and get access to care that actually fits your lifestyle. Straightforward stress fury and designed around you. Big moments deserve less stress and more confidence when ED shows up in the bedroom. HIMSS helps you keep your cool and focus on what matters. Most the moment not the worry. Get simple online access to personalized affordable care for ED, hair loss, weight loss and more. Visit HIMSS.com. slash TIM. That's HIMSS.com. slash TIM for your free online visit. You don't have to go out of your way to feel like yourself. HIMSS experts bring the care straight to you with a hundred percent online access to personalized treatments and plans that put your goals first. This is no one size fits all. It forgets you in the waiting room. It's your health and goals. But first with real medical providers making sure you get what you need plus results. Think of HIMSS as your digital front door that gets you back to your old self with simple 100% online access to trusted treatments for ED and more all in one place. HIMSS.com. slash TIM. HIMSS.com. slash TIM. Actual price will depend on product and subscription plan featured products include compounded drug products, which the FDA does not approve or verify for safety effectiveness or quality. Prescription required see website for details restrictions and important safety information. In addition to that you do seem to have a real problem with transparency and there's a huge loss of trust over these EPSIEN files and over other things as well. Yeah. No, you're right. I'll tell you what I track the calls coming into my office. Yeah, track them all. We try all the emails. We track all of it. This week. It was really interesting. 60% of my calls were about health insurance premiums costing too much the other 40% EPSIEN files. Right. Right. So it's not going away. You know, and you see this in it manifest in a lot of places. Obviously Charlie Kirk was tragically murdered. Oh, it's awful. You know what I mean? Yeah. We, you know, this is been I think a wake-up call for a lot of people about not only the divisions in the country, but you're watching people and the different reactions to it and how divided and how inhuman a lot of those reactions were right from people that were over-the-top celebrating this and you know, see a young man a father and all these things but there's also a lack of trust. Yeah, there's a huge lack of trust in the FBI to conduct this investigation. I'm saying that I see that everywhere. And there are a lot of people that are questioning the narrative of what happened. I'm not an investigative journalist. I don't have facts on this, but I'm just telling you and I'm sure you know this on the right and the left, but I'm talking primarily more so about in the world of the right. Yeah, you know, there are a lot of people Candace, no one's being the most prominent who are questioning this narrative. I think it speaks to a lack of trust in institutions like the FBI. So two questions, two-part questions. Number one, your preview to things were not. Do you feel like we know everything about what happened? And number two, why have these Trump appointed guys cash brutality? But you know, why have they not been able to restore some trust in that institution? And what do you think the two-part question on those? Well, I think I think they both went into those roles being flamethrowers, you know, having podcasts and done a lot of all type of interviews and and all the statements they said before they got in those roles and then just being an executive having run a company. I do have some a lot of compassion there. If you get thrown into that role with a presidential transition and all of a sudden you're the top guy and you've got to run the entire place. It's going to take a while to get in your groove, right? It just is. I mean, that's natural for anybody. However, I do question number one, like we said before is the information there? And if it is there, do you have people you can rely on and trust to actually hand it to you? Yeah, because it's not like cash or Dan can go all around and dig through every file and look in every computer. They're not doing that themselves. They're relying on staff. So is their staff reliable? They also seem to be part of this strange gaslighting campaign of saying that like there's no evidence. There's never been any evidence and there's no story here and nothing happened. Well, it's coming. It's coming literally. It's common coming from the top basically. Do you believe the official narrative of what happened to Charlie Kirk? I oh my gosh, Charlie was a friend. I know. So I find this extremely sad. I think Candace Owens has asked a lot of great questions and I'm glad she has I know others who buy the scene behind the scenes are doing a lot of digging and asking all kinds of questions as well. It's no high-profile people that feel weird about it. It's it is a it's horrible. But you know, she's being accused of people are accusing her saying she's accusing Israel. I never heard her say that not one. She seems to be doing something, you know, when I grew up, right when there was a crime, there was a massive amount of interest from the media in all of these things. For sure. Right. Yeah, I remember growing up and OJ Simpson was on the news every single day or whatever, right? Yeah, Thomas Matthew Crooks. I don't know anything about him. No, we know very little about him. No, nothing about him. Tyler Robinson, maybe we'll know a lot more but we're used to these weird things happening and then just going away. Right. But you brought up OJ Simpson. So here's what's funny. So by today's standard, we will we will have all said the glove didn't fit, right? Right. Right. Back then we were all like bullshit, right? We know the glove fit, right? Right. But why today can't we call it out? Right? Where's the media? So why can't we ask these questions? It's okay to ask these questions. Right? Why is Candace Owens the only person asking these questions? Why is she being criminalized and vilified for asking questions? There's nothing wrong with it. I don't think there's anything wrong with what she's doing, but yet Mark Levin says that she's the worst person on the planet and Ted Cruz thinks she's the worst person on the planet and all kinds of people are coming out and trying to label her. She lost her very close friend. She's going out and asking questions about his public assassination. Nothing wrong with that. And there's nothing wrong with that final question. And then we'll let you get back to Georgia, which must be nice to get out of here, right? Oh, I love it. I'll leave every time we're not you ever go to Georgia and you leave DC and think I miss Satan. No, do you? A lot of people say you're the heir to the real Maga and JD Vance is not. Wow. A lot of people say that. Who's saying that? Lot of people. That's interesting. There are people that are saying that. There are people that are saying that I like JD. I like him too. But there are people that are saying that. What do they mean by that? They mean that they hear what you say. And they gravitate more towards that. And they think that is emblematic of what the Maga coalition love and hate it, whatever stood for. And that they feel that you have carved out a space where they felt Maga was about being an outsider and they feel that you embody that more than he does. Well, he's vice president. Right. Which is a hard role. I mean, that's a very hard role. I think Maga is about... Does that surprise you that people are saying that? Yes, it does. Yeah. Really? I haven't heard that but I've been up here mad at health insurance all week. But that's why they're saying it. Well then... Because you're getting mad at health insurance. You're getting mad at things that affect them. And you know, I like JD. I'm not saying... No. I love JD, but I'm mad about a lot of things and I'm not going to stop talking about it. And I'm not going to stop finding solutions for it. I'm mad at education in this country. Of course. As a conservative, I want to defund it. But at the same time, I want to rebuild it. I want to go back to the classics and us to have the best reading and math levels. And I want high schoolers to graduate with like being an electrician or a plumber or a welder or whatever it is. I want them to have real life skills when they graduate. If you don't see a Republican candidate in 2028 that has the values that you think matter, will you throw your hat in the ring? Oh my goodness. I hate politics so much, Tim. I know, but you are a Congresswoman. Oh, I'm a Congresswoman. So it isn't a crazy question. Well, people are saying that and I've seen a few people saying she's running... What I'm doing right now is I very much want to fix problems. That's honestly all I care about. And I am genuinely angry on behalf of every American, even if they're a Democrat and they don't like me. Yeah, I'm upset for them as well because here's how I see our country. It's like we're all in a little house together. This is all our home. Right. And our home is so dirty and the windows are broken and the air conditioning is broken and the fridge has no food in it and our clothes are dirty and tattered and everything is messed up. Yeah. And I, because I'm a woman, I'm a woman and I'm a mother and I see our country that way and all of us live in it together, even though we fight with each other and we squabble and all of that, it is heartbreaking to me. And I never wanted to run for Congress, never wanted to, but I ran for Congress because I thought someone, people, real people, regular people have to get in there and bring that perspective into Congress and into politics and try to fix it. And that's very much where I am right now. Do I know what that means two years down the road or four years down the road? I don't know what that means, but I can tell you right now there won't be any Republican candidate that will ever have my support or will be able to earn my support if they are not going to in the moment, which we're in right now, stand up and even if it has to be going against the president or his staff, I'm not against the president. I think a lot of it is some staff things, but even if it is the president, no matter what your position is, if you're not willing to say this isn't what we said we were going to do, this is not what America first is. If they're not willing to do that, then they're not going to have my support. And I don't know what that means. And we need a border. We need legal. We need the rule of law. Obviously. Oh my gosh. Is there a better way to do these ice raids? I think Trump's losing support amongst they did a poll recently about Latinos. Is there a better way a more humane way to conduct some of these raids? Because I think there are a lot of people that go we want a border. We need a country and that certain people also need to be deported. Absolutely. But when people see children being zip tied or a grandmother being zip tied and these are people who maybe lived in a community 30 years and they're not committing a crime. They're here legally. We know that. To me, you see a lot of people that are more moderate types. People like myself that very much want to border and a country. Right. But I look at, you know, showing up to a high school graduation and deporting someone's father. I go this seems to a lot of people to be inhumane. Yeah, that's hard to watch. Yeah. Yeah. So I love like in Riley's mother and sister, of course, family. Yeah. So I have to say, oh boy, do I want to deport any any illegal criminal like that. Right. That's horrific. Yeah. Horrific and having a secure border. Oh hell. Yeah. Unapologetically. Yes. Immigration laws. You have to follow our immigration laws. Those are our laws. Right. Me and you can't go to say Mexico or Colombia or Brazil and we can't overstay our visa. Right. And not expect to get arrested and deported. Like that's just facts. However, let's be in reality for a minute. Yeah. The reality in America is for decades and decades and decades. It's been whatever administration turned a blind eye even Ronald Reagan. Yeah, big time. Changed it. Big time. He gave my goodness. California. California turned. Right. Labor and yeah. Yes. And so we have and I own a construction company. Right. I'm going to speak from very real experience. We have a labor force in America across many industries that has been built on illegal labor. That's a fact that also cannot be ignored. And I'll say it like this the same way. I look at the health insurance industry and I'm analyzing we need to build an off-ramp but an off-ramp is gradual right off of the Affordable Care Act off of Obamacare into some sort of new system that is much better. I'm also I also look at this problem that we have with illegal immigration that we can build an off-ramp there and as a conservative and as a bit business owner in the construction industry and as a realist I can say we have to do something about labor and that needs to be a smarter plan than just rounding up every single person and deporting them just like that. So and I'm going to get pushed back on that but it's I'm just living in reality from here on out. Yeah, and if I'm if anybody's mad at me for saying the truth, then I'm sorry. Marjorie Taylor green ladies and gentlemen our next president. Sorry, JD Vance. Well, I mean these people are saying it I go to dinner parties. Yeah, I heard you. Well, by the way, I heard you on Joe by the way, I'll tell you this one story and then we'll let you get out of here. I want to I have a house in the Hamptons in Long Island. Okay, the Hamptons of Bill Ackman fame. Now I went to I got I went to a beach club there for one day for a lunch and all and there was a lot of wealthy people. I don't belong there and he'd never let me in but I got in for one lunch because I wanted to go. The workers at the Beach Club loved you. The billionaires hated you. That's right. And they said night and these were Republican billionaires. Yeah, and they said nice things about that Bush and Clinton. They love they didn't like you. They hate me. Guess what the people who work there. Loved you. So that's interesting. I like that. So I'm gonna real anecdote. So according to Tim's plan, I'm going to need 100 million people to donate $10 today. That's right. And all of them is really all right. Thank you everyone.